<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Без стресса</title>
  <link href="../Styles/idGeneratedStyles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body>
  <h4 class="_Head61 sigil_not_in_toc">ГЛАВА&nbsp;1</h4>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng1-1">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g1.xhtml#ng1-1">1.</a> A.&nbsp;Etkin, T.&nbsp;Egner, D. M.&nbsp;Peraza, E. R.&nbsp;Kandel, and J.&nbsp;Hirsch, «Resolving emotional conflict: a role for the rostral anterior cingulate cortex in modulating activity in the amygdala». <i>Neuron</i> 51, no. 6 (Sept. 2006): 871–882.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng1-2">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g1.xhtml#ng1-2">2.</a> A.&nbsp;Golkar, E.&nbsp;Johansson, M.&nbsp;Kasahara, W.&nbsp;Osika, A.&nbsp;Perski, and I.&nbsp;Savic, «The Influence of Work-related Chronic Stress on the Regulation of Emotion and on Functional Connectivity in the Brain». <i>PLoS ONE9</i>, no. 9 (Sept. 2014): e104550.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng1-3">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g1.xhtml#ng1-3">3.</a> N.&nbsp;Sadeh, J. M.&nbsp;Spielberg, M. W.&nbsp;Miller, W. P.&nbsp;Milberg, D. H.&nbsp;Salat, M. M.&nbsp;Amick, C. B.&nbsp;Fortier, and R. E.&nbsp;McGlinchey. «Neurobiological indicators of disinhibition in posttraumatic stress disorder». <i>Human Brain Mapping</i> 36, no. 8 (Aug. 2015): 3076–3086.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng1-4">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g1.xhtml#ng1-4">4.</a> F.&nbsp;Beissner, K.&nbsp;Meissner, K. J.&nbsp;Bär, and V.&nbsp;Napadow, «The autonomic brain: an activation likelihood estimation meta-analysis for central processing of autonomic function». <i>Journal of Neuroscience</i> 33, no. 25 (Jun. 2013): 10503–10511.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng1-5">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g1.xhtml#ng1-5">5.</a> V. G.&nbsp;Macefield, C.&nbsp;James, and L. A.&nbsp;Henderson, «Identification of sites of sympathetic outflow at rest and during emotional arousal: concurrent recordings of sympathetic nerve activity and fMRI of the brain». <i>International Journal of Psychophysiology</i> 89, no. 3 (Sept. 2013): 451–459.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng1-6">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g1.xhtml#ng1-6">6.</a> A. F.&nbsp;Arnsten, «Stress Weakens Prefrontal Networks: Molecular Insults to Higher Cognition». <i>Nature Neuroscience</i> 18, no. 10 (Oct. 2015): 1376–1385, doi: <a href="http://doi.org/10.1038/nn.4087">10.1038/­nn.4087</a>.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng1-7">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g1.xhtml#ng1-7">7.</a> I.&nbsp;Negrón-Oyarzo, F.&nbsp;Aboitiz, and P.&nbsp;Fuentealba, «Impaired Functional Connectivity in the Prefrontal Cortex: A Mechanism for Chronic Stress-induced Neuropsychiatric Disorders». <i>Neural Plasticity</i> 2016 (2016): Article ID7539065.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng1-8">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g1.xhtml#ng1-8">8.</a> J. J.&nbsp;Radley, R. M.&nbsp;Anderson, B. A.&nbsp;Hamilton, J. A.&nbsp;Alcock, and S. A.&nbsp;Romig-Martin, «Chronic Stress-induced Alterations of Dendritic Spine Subtypes Predict Functional Decrements in an Hypothalamopituitary-adrenal-inhibitory Prefrontal Circuit». <i>Journal of Neuroscience</i> 33, no. 36 (Sept. 2013): 14379–14391.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng1-9">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g1.xhtml#ng1-9">9.</a> Y. C.&nbsp;Tse, I.&nbsp;Montoya, A. S.&nbsp;Wong, A.&nbsp;Mathieu, J.&nbsp;Lissemore, D. C.&nbsp;Lagace, and T. P.&nbsp;Wong, «A Longitudinal Study of Stress-induced Hippocampal Volume Changes in Mice That Are Susceptible or Resilient to Chronic Social Defeat». <i>Hippocampus</i> 24, no. 9 (Sept. 2014): 1120–1128.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng1-10">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g1.xhtml#ng1-10">10.</a> A.&nbsp;Starčević, I.&nbsp;Dimitrijević, M.&nbsp;Aksić, L.&nbsp;Stijak, V.&nbsp;Radonjić, D.&nbsp;Aleksić, and B.&nbsp;Filipović, «Brain Changes in Patients with Posttraumatic Stress Disorder and Associated Alcoholism: MRI Based Study». <i>Psychiatria Danubina</i> 27, no. 1 (Mar. 2015): 78–83.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng1-11">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g1.xhtml#ng1-11">11.</a> L. H.&nbsp;Rubin, V. J.&nbsp;Meyer, R. J.&nbsp;Conant, E. E.&nbsp;Sundermann, M.&nbsp;Wu, K. M.&nbsp;Weber, M. H.&nbsp;Cohen, D. M.&nbsp;Little, and P. M.&nbsp;Maki, «Prefrontal Cortical Volume Loss is Associated with Stress-related Deficits in Verbal Learning and Memory in HIV-infected Women». <i>Neurobiology of Disease</i> (Sept. 2015), pii: S0969–9961(15)30056–5.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng1-12">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g1.xhtml#ng1-12">12.</a> A.&nbsp;Vyas, R.&nbsp;Mitra, B. S.&nbsp;Shankaranarayana Rao, and S.&nbsp;Chattarji, «Chronic Stress Induces Contrasting Patterns of Dendritic Remodeling in Hippocampal and Amygdaloid Neurons». <i>Journal of Neuroscience</i> 22 (2002): 6810–6818.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng1-13">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g1.xhtml#ng1-13">13.</a> G. L.&nbsp;Moreno, J.&nbsp;Bruss, and N. L.&nbsp;Denburg, «Increased Perceived Stress is Related to Decreased Prefrontal Cortex Volumes among Older Adults». <i>Journal of Clinical and Experimental Neuropsychology</i> (Sept. 2016): 1–13.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng1-14">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g1.xhtml#ng1-14">14.</a> W. C.&nbsp;Drevets, «Neuroimaging and Neuropathological Studies of Depression: Implications for the Cognitive-Emotional Features of Mood Disorders». <i>Current Opinion in Neurobiology</i> 11 (2001): 240–249.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng1-15">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g1.xhtml#ng1-15">15.</a> G.&nbsp;Seravalle and G.&nbsp;Grassi, «Sympathetic Nervous System, Hypertension, Obesity and Metabolic Syndrome». <i>High Blood Pressure &amp; Cardiovascular Prevention</i> 23, no. 3 (Sept. 2016): 175–179.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng1-16">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g1.xhtml#ng1-16">16.</a> B. M.&nbsp;Egan, «Insulin Resistance and the Sympathetic Nervous System». <i>Current Hypertension Reports</i> 5, no. 3 (Jun. 2003): 247–254.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng1-17">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g1.xhtml#ng1-17">17.</a> V.&nbsp;Zotev, R.&nbsp;Phillips, K. D.&nbsp;Young, W. C.&nbsp;Drevets, and J.&nbsp;Bodurka, «Prefrontal Control of the Amygdala During Real-time fMRI Neurofeedback Training of Emotion Regulation.» <i>PLoS ONE8</i> (2013): e79184.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng1-18">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g1.xhtml#ng1-18">18.</a> E.&nbsp;Fuchs, G.&nbsp;Flugge, and B.&nbsp;Czeh, «Remodeling of Neuronal Networks by Stress.» <i>Frontiers in Bioscience</i> 1, no. 11 (Sept. 2006): 2746–2758.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng1-19">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g1.xhtml#ng1-19">19.</a> R. S.&nbsp;Duman, «Pathophysiology of Depression and Innovative Treatments: Remodeling Glutamatergic Synaptic Connections.» <i>Dialogues in Clinical Neuroscience</i> 16, no. 1 (Mar. 2014): 11–27.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng1-20">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g1.xhtml#ng1-20">20.</a> S. L.&nbsp;Christiansen, K.&nbsp;Højgaard, O.&nbsp;Wiborg, and E. V.&nbsp;Bouzinova EV, «Disturbed Diurnal Rhythm of Three Classical Phase Markers in the Chronic Mild Stress Rat Model of Depression.» <i>Neuroscience Research</i> 110 (Sept. 2016): 43–48.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng1-21">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g1.xhtml#ng1-21">21.</a> Y.&nbsp;Wu, L.&nbsp;Dissing-Olesen, B. A.&nbsp;MacVicar, and B.&nbsp;Stevens, «Microglia: Dynamic Mediators of Synapse Development and Plasticity». <i>Trends in Immunology</i> 36, no. 10 (2015): 605–613.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng1-22">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g1.xhtml#ng1-22">22.</a> A.&nbsp;Kleinridders, H. A.&nbsp;Ferris, W.&nbsp;Cai, and C. R.&nbsp;Kahn, «Insulin Action in Brain Regulates Systemic Metabolism and Brain Function». <i>Diabetes</i> 63, no. 7 (Jul. 2014): 2232–2243.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng1-23">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g1.xhtml#ng1-23">23.</a> A. J.&nbsp;Loonen and S. A.&nbsp;Ivanova, «Circuits Regulating Pleasure and Happiness-Mechanisms of Depression». <i>Frontiers in Human Neuroscience</i> 10, no. 10 (Nov. 2016): 571.</p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
