<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Без стресса</title>
  <link href="../Styles/idGeneratedStyles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body>
  <h4 class="_Head61 sigil_not_in_toc">ГЛАВА&nbsp;2</h4>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-1">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-1">1.</a> Brian M.&nbsp;Galla and Jeffrey J.&nbsp;Wood, «Trait Self-Control Predicts Adolescents’ Exposure and Reactivity to Daily Stressful Events». <i>Journal of Personality</i> 83, no. 1 (Feb. 2015): 69–83.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-2">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-2">2.</a> T. D.&nbsp;Wager, M. L.&nbsp;Davidson, B. L.&nbsp;Hughes, M. A.&nbsp;Lindquist, and K. N.&nbsp;Ochsner, «Prefrontal-subcortical Pathways Mediating Successful Emotional Regulation». <i>Neuron</i> 59 (2008): 1037–1050.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-3">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-3">3.</a> E.&nbsp;Blix, A.&nbsp;Perski, H.&nbsp;Berglund, and I.&nbsp;Savic, «Long-term Occupational Stress is Associated with Regional Reductions in Brain Tissue Volumes». <i>PLoS ONE8</i> (2013): e64065.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-4">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-4">4.</a> M.&nbsp;Koenigs, E. D.&nbsp;Huey, M.&nbsp;Calamia, V.&nbsp;Raymont, D.&nbsp;Tranel, and J.&nbsp;Grafman, «Distinct Regions of Prefrontal Cortex Mediate Resistance and Vulnerability to Depression». <i>Journal of Neuroscience</i> 28 (2008): 12341–12348.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-5">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-5">5.</a> T. S.&nbsp;Ligeza, M.&nbsp;Wyczesany, A. D.&nbsp;Tymorek, and M.&nbsp;Kamiński, «Interactions between the Prefrontal Cortex and Attentional Systems during Volitional Affective Regulation: An Effective Connectivity Reappraisal Study». <i>Brain Topography</i> 29, no. 2 (Mar. 2016): 253–261.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-6">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-6">6.</a> G.&nbsp;Sheppes and Z.&nbsp;Levin, «Emotion Regulation Choice: Selecting between Cognitive Regulation Strategies to Control Emotion». <i>Frontiers in Human Neuroscience</i> 7 (2013): 179.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-7">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-7">7.</a> R. B.&nbsp;Price, B.&nbsp;Paul, W.&nbsp;Schneider, and G. J.&nbsp;Siegle, «Neural Correlates of Three Neurocognitive Intervention Strategies: A Preliminary Step Towards Personalized Treatment for Psychological Disorders». <i>Cognitive Therapy and Research</i> 37, no. 4 (2013): 657–672.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-8">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-8">8.</a> M.&nbsp;Csíkszentmihályi and J.&nbsp;LeFevre, «Optimal Experience in Work and Leisure». <i>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</i> 56, no. 5 (May 1989): 815–822.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-9">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-9">9.</a> A.&nbsp;Manna, A.&nbsp;Raffone, M. G.&nbsp;Perrucci, D.&nbsp;Nardo, A.&nbsp;Ferretti, A.&nbsp;Tartaro, A.&nbsp;Londei, C.&nbsp;Del Gratta, M. O.&nbsp;Belardinelli, and G. L.&nbsp;Romani, «Neural Correlates of Focused Attention and Cognitive Monitoring in Meditation». <i>Brain Research Bulletin</i> 82, nos. 1–2 (Apr. 2010): 46–56.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-10">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-10">10.</a> R.&nbsp;Nouchi, Y.&nbsp;Taki, H.&nbsp;Takeuchi, H.&nbsp;Hashizume, T.&nbsp;Nozawa, T.&nbsp;Kambara, A.&nbsp;Sekiguchi, C. M.&nbsp;Miyauchi, Y.&nbsp;Kotozaki, H.&nbsp;Nouchi, and R.&nbsp;Kawashima, «Brain Training Game Boosts Executive Functions, Working Memory and Processing Speed in the Young Adults: A Randomized Controlled Trial». <i>PLoS ONE8</i>, no. 2 (2013): e55518.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-11">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-11">11.</a> M.&nbsp;Muraven, R. F.&nbsp;Baumeister, and D. M.&nbsp;Tice, «Longitudinal Improvement of Self-regulation through Practise: Building Self-control through Repeated Exercise». <i>Journal of Social Psychology</i> 139 (1999): 446–457.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-12">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-12">12.</a> M.&nbsp;Muraven, «Practicing Self-control Lowers the Risk of Smoking Lapse». <i>Psychology of Addictive Behaviors</i> 24 (2010): 446–452.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-13">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-13">13.</a> M.&nbsp;Sakaki, H. J.&nbsp;Yoo, L.&nbsp;Nga, T. H.&nbsp;Lee, J. F.&nbsp;Thayer, and M.&nbsp;Mather, «Heart Rate Variability is Associated with Amygdala Functional Connectivity with MPFC across Younger and Older Adults». <i>Neuroimage</i> 31, no.139 (May 2016): 44–52.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-14">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-14">14.</a> J. F.&nbsp;Thayer, A. L.&nbsp;Hansen, E.&nbsp;Saus-Rose, and B. H.&nbsp;Johnsen, «Heart Rate Variability, Prefrontal Neural Function, and Cognitive Performance: The Neurovisceral Integration Perspective on Self-regulation, Adaptation, and Health». <i>Annals of Behavioral Medicine</i> 37, no. 2 (Apr. 2009): 141–153.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-15">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-15">15.</a> S. C.&nbsp;Segerstrom and L. S.&nbsp;Nes, «Heart Rate Variability Reflects Selfregulatory Strength, Effort, and Fatigue». <i>Psychological Science</i> 18, no. 3 (Mar. 2007): 275–281.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-16">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-16">16.</a> T. F.&nbsp;Heatherton and D. D.&nbsp;Wagner, «Cognitive Neuroscience of Selfregulation Failure». <i>Trends in Cognitive Sciences</i> 15, no. 3 (Mar. 2011): 132–139.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-17">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-17">17.</a> P.&nbsp;Bermudez et al., «Neuroanatomical Correlates of Musicianship as Revealed by Cortical Thickness and Voxel-based Morphometry». <i>Cerebral Cortex</i> 19 (2009): 1583–1596.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-18">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-18">18.</a> K.&nbsp;Houben, F. C.&nbsp;Dassen, and A.&nbsp;Jansen, «Taking Control: Working Memory Training in Overweight Individuals Increases Self-regulation of Food Intake». <i>Appetite</i> 105 (Oct. 2016): 567–574.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-19">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-19">19.</a> J.&nbsp;Cranwell, S.&nbsp;Benford, R. J.&nbsp;Houghton, M.&nbsp;Golembewksi, J. E.&nbsp;Fischer, and M. S.&nbsp;Hagger, «Increasing Self-Regulatory Energy Using an Internetbased Training Application Delivered by Smartphone Technology». <i>Cyberpsychology, Behavior and Social Networking</i> 17, no. 3 (2014): 181–186.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-20">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-20">20.</a> M. H.&nbsp;Ashcraft and E. P.&nbsp;Kirk, «The Relationships among Working Memory, Math Anxiety, and Performance». <i>Journal of Experimental Psychology: General</i> 130 (2001): 224–237.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-21">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-21">21.</a> C. B.&nbsp;Young, S. S.&nbsp;Wu, and V.&nbsp;Menon, «The Neurodevelopmental Basis of Math Anxiety». <i>Psychological Science</i> 23 (2012): 492–501.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-22">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-22">22.</a> I. M.&nbsp;Lyons and S. L.&nbsp;Beilock, «When Math Hurts: Math Anxiety Predicts Pain Network Activation in Anticipation of Doing Math». <i>PLoS ONE7</i> (2012a): e48076.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-23">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-23">23.</a> A.&nbsp;Sarkar, A.&nbsp;Dowker, and R.&nbsp;Cohen Kadosh, «Cognitive Enhancement or Cognitive Cost: Trait-Specific Outcomes of Brain Stimulation in the Case of Mathematics Anxiety». <i>Journal of Neuroscience</i> 34.50 (2014): 16605–16610.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-24">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-24">24.</a> B. J.&nbsp;Casey, L. H.&nbsp;Somerville, I. H.&nbsp;Gotlib, O.&nbsp;Ayduk, N. T.&nbsp;Franklin, M. K.&nbsp;Askren, J.&nbsp;Jonides, M. G.&nbsp;Berman, N. L.&nbsp;Wilson, T.&nbsp;Teslovich, G.&nbsp;Glover, V.&nbsp;Zayas, W.&nbsp;Mischel, and Y.&nbsp;Shoda, «Behavioral and Neural Correlates of Delay of Gratification 40 Years Later». <i>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America</i> 108, no. 36 (Sept. 2011): 14998–15003.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-25">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-25">25.</a> T. P.&nbsp;Alloway and J. C.&nbsp;Horton, «Does Working Memory Mediate the Link Between Dispositional Optimism and Depressive Symptoms?» <i>Applied Cognitive Psychology</i> 30, no. 6 (Nov./Dec. 2016): 1068–1072.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-26">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-26">26.</a> A.&nbsp;Curci, T.&nbsp;Lanciano, E.&nbsp;Soleti, and B.&nbsp;Rimé, «Negative Emotional Experiences Arouse Rumination and Affect Working Memory Capacity». <i>Emotion</i> 13, no. 5 (Oct. 2013): 867–880.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-27">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-27">27.</a> L.&nbsp;Xiu, R.&nbsp;Zhou, and Y.&nbsp;Jiang, «Working Memory Training Improves Emotion Regulation Ability: Evidence from HRV». <i>Physiology &amp; Behavior</i> 155 (Dec. 2015): 25–29.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-28">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-28">28.</a> S.&nbsp;Kühn, T.&nbsp;Gleich, R. C.&nbsp;Lorenz, U.&nbsp;Lindenberger, and J.&nbsp;Gallinat, «Playing Super Mario Induces Structural Brain Plasticity: Gray Matter Changes Resulting from Training with a Commercial Video Game». <i>Molecular Psychiatry</i> 19, no. 2 (Feb. 2014): 265–271.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-29">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-29">29.</a> T. S.&nbsp;Ligeza, M.&nbsp;Wyczesany, A. D.&nbsp;Tymorek, and M.&nbsp;Kamiński, «Interactions between the Prefrontal Cortex and Attentional Systems during Volitional Affective Regulation: An Effective Connectivity Reappraisal Study». <i>Brain Topography</i> 29, no. 2 (Mar. 2016): 253–261.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-30">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-30">30.</a> C. A.&nbsp;Ray, and K. M.&nbsp;Hume, «Neck Afferents and Muscle Sympathetic Activity in Humans: Implications for the Vestibulosympathetic Reflex». <i>Journal of Applied Physiology</i> (1985) 84, no. 2 (Feb. 1998): 450–453.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-31">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-31">31.</a> J. C.&nbsp;Geinas, K. R.&nbsp;Marsden, Y. C.&nbsp;Tzeng, J. D.&nbsp;Smirl, K. J.&nbsp;Smith, C. K.&nbsp;Willie, N. C.&nbsp;Lewis, G.&nbsp;Binsted, D. M.&nbsp;Bailey, A.&nbsp;Bakker, T. A.&nbsp;Day, and P. N.&nbsp;Ainslie, «Influence of Posture on the Regulation of Cerebral Perfusion». <i>Aviation, Space, and Environmental Medicine</i> 83, no. 8 (Aug. 2012): 751–757.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-32">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-32">32.</a> L. A.&nbsp;Uebelacker, G.&nbsp;Epstein-Lubow, B. A.&nbsp;Gaudiano, G.&nbsp;Tremont, C. L.&nbsp;Battle, and I. W.&nbsp;Miller, «Hatha Yoga for Depression: Critical Review of the Evidence for Efficacy, Plausible Mechanisms of Action, and Directions for Future Research». <i>Journal of Psychiatric Practice</i> 16, no. 1 (Jan. 2010): 22–33.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-33">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-33">33.</a> Alain, «Propos sur le bonheur». <i>Gallimard</i>, Folio Essais 21 (1928): 11–13.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-34">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-34">34.</a> J. A.&nbsp;Robinson and K. L.&nbsp;Swanson, «Field and Observer Modes of Remembering». <i>Memory</i> 1, no. 3 (Sept. 1993): 169–184.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-35">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-35">35.</a> K. E.&nbsp;Gilbert, S.&nbsp;Nolen-Hoeksema, and J.&nbsp;Gruber, «Positive Emotion Dysregulation across Mood Disorders: How Amplifying versus Dampening Predicts Emotional Reactivity and Illness Course». <i>Behaviour Research and Therapy</i> 51, no. 11 (Nov. 2013): 736–741.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-36">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-36">36.</a> E.&nbsp;Watkins, «Adaptive and Maladaptive Ruminative Self-focus during Emotional Processing». <i>Behaviour Research and Therapy</i> 42, no. 9 (Sept. 2004): 1037–1052.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-37">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-37">37.</a> J. van Lier, M. L.&nbsp;Moulds, and F.&nbsp;Raes, «Abstract ‘Why’ Thoughts about Success Lead to Greater Positive Generalization in Sport Participants». <i>Frontiers in Psychology</i> 6 (Nov. 2015): 1783.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-38">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-38">38.</a> F.&nbsp;Wang, C.&nbsp;Wang, Q.&nbsp;Yin, K.&nbsp;Wang, D.&nbsp;Li, M.&nbsp;Mao, C.&nbsp;Zhu, and Y.&nbsp;Huang, «Reappraisal Writing Relieves Social Anxiety and May be Accompanied by Changes in Frontal Alpha Asymmetry». <i>Frontiers in Psychology</i> 21, no. 6 (Oct. 2015): 1604.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-39">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-39">39.</a> R. F.&nbsp;Helfrich and R. T.&nbsp;Knight, «Oscillatory Dynamics of Prefrontal Cognitive Control». <i>Trends in Cognitive Science</i> 20, no. 12 (Dec. 2016): 916–930.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-40">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-40">40.</a> K.&nbsp;Song, M.&nbsp;Meng, L.&nbsp;Chen, K.&nbsp;Zhou, and H.&nbsp;Luo, «Behavioral Oscillations in Attention: Rhythmic α Pulses Mediated Through θ Band». <i>Journal of Neuroscience</i> 34, no. 14 (Apr. 2014): 4837–4844.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-41">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-41">41.</a> H. S.&nbsp;Lee, A.&nbsp;Ghetti, A.&nbsp;Pinto-Duarte, X.&nbsp;Wang, G.&nbsp;Dziewczapolski, F.&nbsp;Galimi, S.&nbsp;Huitron-Resendiz, J. C.&nbsp;Piña-Crespo, A. J.&nbsp;Roberts, I. M.&nbsp;Verma, T. J.&nbsp;Sejnowski, and S. F.&nbsp;Heinemann, «Astrocytes Contribute to Gamma Oscillations and Recognition Memory». <i>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America</i> 111, no. 32 (Aug. 2014): E3343–3352.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-42">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-42">42.</a> P.&nbsp;Billeke, F.&nbsp;Zamorano, D.&nbsp;Cosmelli, and F.&nbsp;Aboitiz, «Oscillatory Brain Activity Correlates with Risk Perception and Predicts Social Decisions». <i>Cerebral Cortex</i> 23, no. 12 (Dec. 2013): 2872–780.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-43">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-43">43.</a> B.&nbsp;Voloha, T.&nbsp;Valiante, S.&nbsp;Everling, and T.&nbsp;Womelsdorf, «Theta-gamma Coordination between Anterior Cingulate and Prefrontal Cortex Indexes Correct Attention Shifts». <i>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America</i> 112, no. 27 (Jul. 2015): 8457–8462.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-44">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-44">44.</a> M.&nbsp;Ertl, M.&nbsp;Hildebrandt, K.&nbsp;Ourina, G.&nbsp;Leicht, and C.&nbsp;Mulert, «Emotion Regulation by Cognitive Reappraisal&nbsp;— The Role of Frontal Theta Oscillations». <i>NeuroImage</i> 81 (Nov. 2013): 412–421.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-45">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-45">45.</a> R. F.&nbsp;Helfrich, T. R.&nbsp;Schneider, S.&nbsp;Rach, S. A.&nbsp;Trautmann-Lengsfeld, A. K.&nbsp;Engel, et al., «Entrainment of Brain Oscillations by Transcranial Alternating Current Stimulation». <i>Current Biology</i> 24 (2014): 333–339.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-46">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-46">46.</a> M.&nbsp;Bonnefond and O.&nbsp;Jensen, «Alpha Oscillations Serve to Protect Working Memory Maintenance against Anticipated Distracters». <i>Current Biology</i> 22 (2012): 1969–1974.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-47">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-47">47.</a> C. F.&nbsp;Lavallee, S. A.&nbsp;Koren, and M. A.&nbsp;Persinger, «A Quantitative Electroencephalographic Study of Meditation and Binaural Beat Entrainment». <i>Journal of Alternative and Complementary Medicine</i> 17, no. 4 (Apr. 2011): 351–355.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-48">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-48">48.</a> L.&nbsp;Chaieb, E. C.&nbsp;Wilpert, T. P.&nbsp;Reber, and J.&nbsp;Fell, «Auditory Beat Stimulation and its Effects on Cognition and Mood States». <i>Frontiers in Psychiatry</i> 6 (May 2015): 70.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-49">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-49">49.</a> H.&nbsp;Wahbeh, C.&nbsp;Calabrese, H.&nbsp;Zwickey, and D.&nbsp;Zajdel, «Binaural Beat Technology in Humans: A Pilot Study to Assess Neuropsychologic, Physiologic, and Electroencephalographic Effects». <i>Journal of Alternative and Complementary Medicine</i> 13, no. 2 (Mar. 2007): 199–206.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-50">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-50">50.</a> R.&nbsp;Padmanabhan, A. J.&nbsp;Hildreth, and D.&nbsp;Laws, «A Prospective, Randomised, Controlled Study Examining Binaural Beat Audio and Preoperative Anxiety in Patients Undergoing General Anaesthesia for Day Case Surgery». <i>Anaesthesia</i> 60, no. 9 (Sept. 2005): 874–877.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-51">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-51">51.</a> P. A.&nbsp;McConnell, B.&nbsp;Froeliger, E. L.&nbsp;Garland, J. C.&nbsp;Ives, and G. A.&nbsp;Sforzo, «Auditory Driving of the Autonomic Nervous System: Listening to Theta-frequency Binaural Beats Post-exercise Increases Parasympathetic Activation and Sympathetic Withdrawal». <i>Frontiers in Psychology</i> 14, no. 5 (Nov. 2014): 1248.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-52">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-52">52.</a> K.&nbsp;Unno, K.&nbsp;Iguchi, N.&nbsp;Tanida, K.&nbsp;Fujitani, N.&nbsp;Takamori, H.&nbsp;Yamamoto, N.&nbsp;Ishii, H.&nbsp;Nagano, T.&nbsp;Nagashima, A.&nbsp;Hara, K.&nbsp;Shimoi, and M.&nbsp;Hoshino, «Ingestion of Theanine, an Amino Acid in Tea, Suppresses Psychosocial Stress in Mice». <i>Experimental Physiology</i> 98, no. 1 (Jan. 2013): 290–303.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-53">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-53">53.</a> A. L.&nbsp;Lardner, «Neurobiological Effects of the Green Tea Constituent Theanine and its Potential Role in the Treatment of Psychiatric and Neurodegenerative Disorders». <i>Nutritional Neuroscience</i> 17, no. 4 (Jul. 2014): 145–155.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-54">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-54">54.</a> D. A.&nbsp;Camfield, C.&nbsp;Stough, J.&nbsp;Farrimond, and A. B.&nbsp;Scholey, «Acute Effects of Tea Constituents L-theanine, Caffeine, and Epigallocatechin Gallate on Cognitive Function and Mood: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis». <i>Nutrition Reviews</i> 72, no. 8 (Aug. 2014): 507–522.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-55">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-55">55.</a> S.&nbsp;Borgwardt, F.&nbsp;Hammann, K.&nbsp;Scheffler, M.&nbsp;Kreuter, J.&nbsp;Drewe, and C.&nbsp;Beglinger, «Neural Effects of Green Tea Extract on Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex». <i>European Journal of Clinical Nutrition</i> 66, no. 11 (Nov. 2012): 1187–1192.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng2-56">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g2.xhtml#ng2-56">56.</a> <a href="http://www.thenational.ae/news/peacefulness-through-a-bowl-of-tea">http://­www.thenational.ae/­news/­peacefulness-through-a-bowl-of-tea</a>.</p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
