<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Без стресса</title>
  <link href="../Styles/idGeneratedStyles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body>
  <h4 class="_Head61 sigil_not_in_toc">ГЛАВА&nbsp;3</h4>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-1">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-1">1.</a> N.&nbsp;Skoluda, J.&nbsp;Strahler, W.&nbsp;Schlotz, L.&nbsp;Niederberger, S.&nbsp;Marques, S.&nbsp;Fischer, M. V.&nbsp;Thoma, C.&nbsp;Spoerri, U.&nbsp;Ehlert, and U. M.&nbsp;Nater, «Intraindividual Psychological and Physiological Responses to Acute Laboratory Stressors of Different Intensity». <i>Psychoneuroendocrinology</i> 51 (Jan. 2015): 227–236.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-2">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-2">2.</a> J.&nbsp;LeMoult and J.&nbsp;Joormann, «Depressive Rumination Alters Cortisol Decline in Major Depressive Disorder». <i>Biological Psychology</i> 100 (Jul. 2014): 50–55.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-3">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-3">3.</a> J. F.&nbsp;Brosschot, W.&nbsp;Gerin, and J. F.&nbsp;Thayer, «Worry and Health: The Perseverative Cognition Hypothesis». <i>Journal of Psychosomatic Research</i> 60 (2006): 113–124.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-4">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-4">4.</a> S.&nbsp;Nolen-Hoeksema, «The Role of Rumination in Depressive Disorders and Mixed Anxiety/Depressive Symptoms». <i>Journal of Abnormal Psychology</i> 109, no. 3 (2000): 504–511.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-5">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-5">5.</a> J.&nbsp;Morrow and S.&nbsp;Nolen-Hoeksema, «Effects of Responses to Depression on the Remediation of Depressive Affect». <i>Journal of Personality and Social Psychology</i> 58, no. 3 (1990): 519–527.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-6">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-6">6.</a> M.&nbsp;Glynn, N.&nbsp;Christenfeld, and W.&nbsp;Gerin, «The Role of Rumination in Recovery from Reactivity: Cardiovascular Consequences of Emotional States». <i>Psychosomatic Medicine</i> 64, no. 5 (2002): 714–726.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-7">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-7">7.</a> W.&nbsp;Gerin, K. W.&nbsp;Davidson, N. J. S.&nbsp;Christenfeld, T.&nbsp;Goyal, and J. E.&nbsp;Schwartz, «The Role of Angry Rumination and Distraction in Blood Pressure Recovery from Emotional Arousal». <i>Psychosomatic Medicine</i> 68 (2006): 64–72.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-8">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-8">8.</a> B. L.&nbsp;Key, T. S.&nbsp;Campbell, S. L.&nbsp;Bacon, and W.&nbsp;Gerin, «The Influence of Trait and State Rumination on Cardiovascular Recovery from a Negative Emotional Stressor». <i>Journal of Behavioral Medicine</i> 31 (2008): 237–248.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-9">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-9">9.</a> D.&nbsp;Gianferante, M. V.&nbsp;Thoma, L.&nbsp;Hanlin, et al., «Post-stress Rumination Predicts HPA Axis Responses to Repeated Acute Stress». <i>Psychoneuroendocrinology</i> 49 (2014): 244–252, doi: <a href="http://doi.org/10.1016/j.psyneuen.2014.07.021">10.1016/­j.psyneuen.2014.07.021</a>.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-10">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-10">10.</a> R. B.&nbsp;Price, B.&nbsp;Paul, W.&nbsp;Schneider, and G. J.&nbsp;Siegle, «Neural Correlates of Three Neurocognitive Intervention Strategies: A Preliminary Step Towards Personalized Treatment for Psychological Disorders». <i>Cognitive Therapy and Research</i> 37, no. 4 (Aug. 2013): 657–672.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-11">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-11">11.</a> J.&nbsp;Skorka-Brown, J.&nbsp;Andrade, and J.&nbsp;May, «Playing ‘Tetris’ Reduces the Strength, Frequency and Vividness of Naturally Occurring Cravings». <i>Appetite</i> 76 (May 2014): 161–165.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-12">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-12">12.</a> E. E.&nbsp;Hill, E.&nbsp;Zack, C.&nbsp;Battaglini, M.&nbsp;Viru, A.&nbsp;Viru, and A. C.&nbsp;Hackney, «Exercise and Circulating Cortisol Levels: The Intensity Threshold Effect». <i>Journal of Endocrinological Investigation</i> 31, no. 7 (Jul. 2008): 587–591.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-13">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-13">13.</a> E.&nbsp;Puterman, A. O’Donovan, N. E.&nbsp;Adler, A. J.&nbsp;Tomiyama, M.&nbsp;Kemeny, O. M.&nbsp;Wolkowitz, and E.&nbsp;Epel, «Physical Activity Moderates Effects of Stressor-induced Rumination on Cortisol Reactivity». <i>Psychosomatic Medicine</i> 73, no. 7 (Sept. 2011): 604–611.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-14">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-14">14.</a> B.&nbsp;Oneda, K. C.&nbsp;Ortega, J. L.&nbsp;Gusmão, T. G.&nbsp;Araújo, and D.&nbsp;Mion, Jr., «Sympathetic Nerve Activity is Decreased during Device-guided Slow Breathing». <i>Hypertension Research</i> 33, no. 7 (Jul. 2010): 708–712.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-15">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-15">15.</a> D.&nbsp;Harada, H.&nbsp;Asanoi, J.&nbsp;Takagawa, H.&nbsp;Ishise, H.&nbsp;Ueno, Y.&nbsp;Oda, Y.&nbsp;Goso, S.&nbsp;Joho, and H.&nbsp;Inoue, «Slow and Deep Respiration Suppresses Steady-state Sympathetic Nerve Activity in Patients with Chronic Heart Failure: From Modeling to Clinical Application». <i>American Journal of Physiology-Heart and Circulatory Physiology</i> 307, no. 8 (Oct. 2014): H1159–1168.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-16">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-16">16.</a> R.&nbsp;Padmanabhan, A. J.&nbsp;Hildreth, and D.&nbsp;Laws, «A Prospective, Randomised, Controlled Study Examining Binaural Beat Audio and Pre-operative Anxiety in Patients Undergoing General Anaesthesia for Day Case Surgery». <i>Anaesthesia</i> 60 (2005): 874–877.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-17">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-17">17.</a> P. A.&nbsp;McConnell, B.&nbsp;Froeliger, E. L.&nbsp;Garland, J. C.&nbsp;Ives, and G. A.&nbsp;Sforzo, «Auditory Driving of the Autonomic Nervous System: Listening to Theta-frequency Binaural Beats Post-exercise Increases Parasympathetic Activation and Sympathetic Withdrawal». <i>Frontiers in Psychology</i> 14, no. 5 (Nov. 2014): 1248.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-18">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-18">18.</a> B.&nbsp;Gingras, G.&nbsp;Pohler, and W. T.&nbsp;Fitch, «Exploring Shamanic Journeying: Repetitive Drumming with Shamanic Instructions Induces Specific Subjective Experiences but No Larger Cortisol Decrease Than Instrumental Meditation Music». <i>PLoS ONE9</i>, no. 7 (Jul. 2014): e102103.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-19">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-19">19.</a> E.&nbsp;Largo-Wight, B. K. O’Hara, and W. W.&nbsp;Chen, «The Efficacy of a Brief Nature Sound Intervention on Muscle Tension, Pulse Rate, and Self-reported Stress: Nature Contact Micro-break in an Office or Waiting Room». <i>HERD10</i>, no. 1 (Oct. 2016): 45–51.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-20">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-20">20.</a> M.&nbsp;Annerstedt, P.&nbsp;Jönsson, M.&nbsp;Wallergård, G.&nbsp;Johansson, B.&nbsp;Karlson, P.&nbsp;Grahn, A. M.&nbsp;Hansen, and P.&nbsp;Währborg, «Inducing Physiological Stress Recovery with Sounds of Nature in a Virtual Reality Forest&nbsp;— Results from a Pilot Study». <i>Physiology &amp; Behavior</i> 118 (Jun. 2013): 240–250.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-21">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-21">21.</a> D. K.&nbsp;Brown, J. L.&nbsp;Barton, and V. F.&nbsp;Gladwell, «Viewing Nature Scenes Positively Affects Recovery of Autonomic Function Following Acute-Mental Stress». <i>Environmental Science &amp; Technology</i> 47, no. 11 (2013): 5562–5569.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-22">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-22">22.</a> V. F.&nbsp;Gladwell, D. K.&nbsp;Brown, J. L.&nbsp;Barton, M. P.&nbsp;Tarvainen, P.&nbsp;Kuoppa, J.&nbsp;Pretty, J. M.&nbsp;Suddaby, and G. R.&nbsp;Sandercock, «The Effects of Views of Nature on Autonomic Control». <i>European Journal of Applied Physiology</i> 112, no. 9 (Sept. 2012): 3379–3386.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-23">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-23">23.</a> S.&nbsp;Dong and T. J.&nbsp;Jacob, «Combined Non-adaptive Light and Smell Stimuli Lowered Blood Pressure, Reduced Heart Rate and Reduced Negative Affect». <i>Physiology &amp; Behavior</i> 156 (Mar. 2016): 94–105.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-24">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-24">24.</a> M. J.&nbsp;Henckens, G. A. van Wingen, M.&nbsp;Joels, and G.&nbsp;Fernandez, «Time-dependent Corticosteroid Modulation of Prefrontal Working Memory Processing». <i>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America</i> 108 (2011): 5801–5806.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-25">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-25">25.</a> K.&nbsp;Imai, H.&nbsp;Sato, M.&nbsp;Hori, H.&nbsp;Kusuoka, H.&nbsp;Ozaki, H.&nbsp;Yokoyama, H.&nbsp;Takeda, M.&nbsp;Inoue, and T.&nbsp;Kamada, «Vagally Mediated Heart Rate Recovery after Exercise is Accelerated in Athletes but Blunted in Patients with Chronic Heart Failure». <i>Journal of the American College of Cardiology</i> 24, no. 6 (Nov. 1994): 1529–1535.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-26">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-26">26.</a> T.&nbsp;Otsuki, S.&nbsp;Maeda, M.&nbsp;Iemitsu, Y.&nbsp;Saito, Y.&nbsp;Tanimura, J.&nbsp;Sugawara, R.&nbsp;Ajisaka, and T.&nbsp;Miyauchi, «Postexercise Heart Rate Recovery Accelerates in Strength-trained Athletes». <i>Medicine &amp; Science in Sports &amp; Exercise</i> 39, no. 2 (Feb. 2007): 365–370.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-27">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-27">27.</a> M.&nbsp;Nakamura, K.&nbsp;Hayashi, K.&nbsp;Aizawa, N.&nbsp;Mesaki, and I.&nbsp;Kono, «Effects of Regular Aerobic Exercise on Post-exercise Vagal Reactivation in Young Female». <i>European Journal of Sport Science</i> 13, no. 6 (2013): 674–680.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-28">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-28">28.</a> S.&nbsp;Seiler, O.&nbsp;Haugen, and E.&nbsp;Kuffel, «Autonomic Recovery after Exercise in Trained Athletes: Intensity and Duration Effects». <i>Medicine &amp; Science in Sports &amp; Exercise</i> 39, no. 8 (Aug. 2007): 1366–1373.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-29">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-29">29.</a> J.&nbsp;Sugawara, H.&nbsp;Murakami, S.&nbsp;Maeda, S.&nbsp;Kuno, and M.&nbsp;Matsuda, «Change in Post-exercise Vagal Reactivation with Exercise Training and Detraining in Young Men». <i>European Journal of Applied Physiology</i> 85, nos. 3–4 (Aug. 2001): 259–263.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-30">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-30">30.</a> U.&nbsp;Rimmele, R.&nbsp;Seiler, B.&nbsp;Marti, P. H.&nbsp;Wirtz, U.&nbsp;Ehlert, and M.&nbsp;Heinrichs, «The Level of Physical Activity Affects Adrenal and Cardiovascular Reactivityto Psychosocial Stress». <i>Psychoneuroendocrinology</i> 34 (2009): 190–198.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-31">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-31">31.</a> E.&nbsp;Zschucke, B.&nbsp;Renneberg, F.&nbsp;Dimeo, T.&nbsp;Wüstenberg, and A.&nbsp;Ströhle, «The Stress-buffering Effect of Acute Exercise: Evidence for HPA Axis Negative Feedback». <i>Psychoneuroendocrinology</i> 51 (Jan. 2015): 414–425.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-32">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-32">32.</a> T.&nbsp;Baghurst and B. C.&nbsp;Kelley, «An examination of stress in college students over the course of a semester». <i>Health Promotion Practice</i> 15, no. 3 (May 2014): 438–447.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-33">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-33">33.</a> P.&nbsp;Kaikkonen, A.&nbsp;Nummela, and H.&nbsp;Rusko, «Heart Rate Variability Dynamics during Early Recovery after Different Endurance Exercises». <i>European Journal of Applied Physiology</i> 102 (2007): 79–86.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-34">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-34">34.</a> P.&nbsp;Kaikkonen, H.&nbsp;Rusko, and K.&nbsp;Martinma, «Post-exercise Heart Rate Variability of Endurance Athletes after Different High-intensity Exercises». <i>Scandinavian Journal of Medicine &amp; Science in Sports</i> 18 (2008): 511–519.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-35">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-35">35.</a> M. M.&nbsp;Tanskanen, H.&nbsp;Kyröläinen, A. L.&nbsp;Uusitalo, J.&nbsp;Huovinen, J.&nbsp;Nissilä, H.&nbsp;Kinnunen, M.&nbsp;Atalay, and K.&nbsp;Häkkinen, «Serum Sex Hormone-binding Globulin and Cortisol Concentrations Are Associated with Overreaching during Strenuous Military Training». <i>Journal of Strength and Conditioning Research</i> 25, no. 3 (Mar. 2011): 787–797.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-36">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-36">36.</a> J. L.&nbsp;Abelson, T. M.&nbsp;Erickson, S. E.&nbsp;Mayer, J.&nbsp;Crocker, H.&nbsp;Briggs, N. L.&nbsp;Lopez-Duran, and I.&nbsp;Liberzon, «Brief Cognitive Intervention Can Modulate Neuroendocrine Stress Responses to the Trier Social Stress Test: Buffering Effects of a Compassionate Goal Orientation». <i>Psychoneuroendocrinology</i> 44 (Jun. 2014): 60–70.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-37">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-37">37.</a> A. A.&nbsp;Mohammadi, S.&nbsp;Jazayeri, K.&nbsp;Khosravi-Darani, Z.&nbsp;Solati, N.&nbsp;Mohammadpour, Z.&nbsp;Asemi, Z.&nbsp;Adab, M.&nbsp;Djalali, M.&nbsp;Tehrani-Doost, M.&nbsp;Hosseini, and S.&nbsp;Eghtesadi, «The Effects of Probiotics on Mental Health and Hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal Axis: A Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Trial in Petrochemical Workers». <i>Nutritional Neuroscience</i> 19, no. 9 (Apr. 2015): 387–395.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-38">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-38">38.</a> T.&nbsp;Backes, P.&nbsp;Horvath, and K.&nbsp;Kazial, «Salivary Alpha Amylase and Salivary Cortisol Response to Fluid Consumption in Exercising Athletes». <i>Biology of Sport</i> 32, no. 4 (2015): 275–280.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-39">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-39">39.</a> B. R.&nbsp;Ely, K. J.&nbsp;Sollanek, S. N.&nbsp;Cheuvront, H. R.&nbsp;Lieberman, and R. W.&nbsp;Kenefick, «Hypohydration and Acute Thermal Stress Affect Mood State but Not Cognition or Dynamic Postural Balance». <i>European Journal of Applied Physiology</i> 113, no. 4 (Apr. 2013): 1027–1034.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-40">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-40">40.</a> R.&nbsp;Micha, P. J.&nbsp;Rogers, and M.&nbsp;Nelson, «Glycaemic Index and Glycaemic Load of Breakfast Predict Cognitive Function and Mood in School Children: A Randomised Controlled Trial». <i>British Journal of Nutrition</i> 106, no. 10 (Nov. 2011): 1552–1561.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-41">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-41">41.</a> A. R.&nbsp;Allen, L. R.&nbsp;Gullixson, S. C.&nbsp;Wolhart, S. L.&nbsp;Kost, D. R.&nbsp;Schroeder, and J. H.&nbsp;Eisenach, «Dietary Sodium Influences the Effect of Mental Stress on Heart Rate Variability: A Randomized Trial in Healthy Adults». <i>Journal of Hypertension</i> 32, no. 2 (Feb. 2014): 374–382.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-42">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-42">42.</a> J. B.&nbsp;Beekman, M. L.&nbsp;Stock, and T.&nbsp;Marcus, «Need to Belong, Not Rejection Sensitivity, Moderates Cortisol Response, Self-Reported Stress, and Negative Affect Following Social Exclusion». <i>Journal of Social Psychology</i> 156, no. 2 (2016): 131–138.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-43">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-43">43.</a> M. T.&nbsp;Bowen and I. S.&nbsp;McGregor, «Oxytocinand Vasopressin Modulate the Social Response to Threat: A Preclinical Study». <i>International Journal of Neuropsychopharmacology</i> 17, no. 10 (Oct. 2014): 1621–1633.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-44">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-44">44.</a> M.&nbsp;Heinrichs, T.&nbsp;Baumgartner, C.&nbsp;Kirschbaum, and U.&nbsp;Ehlert, «Social Support and Oxytocin Interact to Suppress Cortisol and Subjective Responses to Psychosocial Stress». <i>Biological Psychiatry</i> 54 (2003): 1389–1398.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-45">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-45">45.</a> C.&nbsp;Crockford, T.&nbsp;Deschner, T. E.&nbsp;Ziegler, and R. M.&nbsp;Wittig, «Endogenous Peripheral Oxytocin Measures Can Give Insight into the Dynamics of Social Relationships: A Review». <i>Frontiers in Behavioral Neuroscience</i> 8 (2014): 68.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-46">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-46">46.</a> K. M.&nbsp;Grewen, S. S.&nbsp;Girdler, J.&nbsp;Amico, and K. C.&nbsp;Light, «Effects of Partner Support on Resting Oxytocin, Cortisol, Norepinephrine, and Blood Pressure before and after Warm Partner Contact». <i>Psychosomatic Medicine</i> 67, no. 4 (Jul.&nbsp;— Aug. 2005): 531–538.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-47">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-47">47.</a> S.&nbsp;Ogawa, S.&nbsp;Kudo, Y.&nbsp;Kitsunai, and S.&nbsp;Fukuchi, «Increase in Oxytocin Secretion at Ejaculation in Male». <i>Clinical Endocrinology</i> 13 (1980): 95–97.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-48">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-48">48.</a> M. S.&nbsp;Carmichael, R.&nbsp;Humbert, J.&nbsp;Dixen, G.&nbsp;Palmisano, W.&nbsp;Greenleaf, and J. M.&nbsp;Davidson, «Plasma Oxytocin Increases in the Human Sexual Response». <i>Journal of Clinical Endocrinology &amp; Metabolism</i> 64 (1987): 27–31.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-49">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-49">49.</a> R. A.&nbsp;Turner, M.&nbsp;Altemus, T.&nbsp;Enos, B.&nbsp;Cooper, and T.&nbsp;McGuinness, «Preliminary Research on Plasma Oxytocin in Normal Cycling Women: Investigating Emotion and Interpersonal Distress». <i>Psychiatry</i> 62 (1999): 97–113.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-50">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-50">50.</a> M. H.&nbsp;Rapaport, P.&nbsp;Schettler, and C.&nbsp;Bresee, «A Preliminary Study of the Effects of Repeated Massage on Hypothalamic-pituitaryadrenal and Immune Function in Healthy Individuals: A Study of Mechanisms of Action and Dosage». <i>Journal of Alternative and Complementary Medicine</i> 18, no. 8 (Aug. 2012): 789–797.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-51">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-51">51.</a> <a href="http://www.businessinsider.com/professional-cuddler-2014-7">http://­www.businessinsider.com/­professional-cuddler-2014-7</a>.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-52">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-52">52.</a> T. L.&nbsp;Kraft and S. D.&nbsp;Pressman, «Grin and Bear It: The Influence of Manipulated Facial Expression on the Stress Response». <i>Psychological Science</i> 23, no. 11 (2012): 1372–1378.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-53">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-53">53.</a> S. S.&nbsp;Dickerson and M. E.&nbsp;Kemeny, «Acute Stressors and Cortisol Responses: A Theoretical Integration and Synthesis of Laboratory Research». <i>Psychological Bulletin</i> 130 (2004): 355–391.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-54">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-54">54.</a> Y.&nbsp;Yamanaka, S.&nbsp;Hashimoto, N. N.&nbsp;Takasu, Y.&nbsp;Tanahashi, S. Y.&nbsp;Nishide, S.&nbsp;Honma, and K.&nbsp;Honma, «Morning and Evening Physical Exercise Differentially Regulate the Autonomic Nervous System during Nocturnal Sleep in Humans». <i>American Journal of Physiology&nbsp;— Regulatory, Integrative and Comparative Physiology</i> 309, no. 9 (Nov. 2015): R1112–1121.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-55">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-55">55.</a> S.&nbsp;Kuwahata, M.&nbsp;Miyata, S.&nbsp;Fujita, T.&nbsp;Kubozono, T.&nbsp;Shinsato, Y.&nbsp;Ikeda, S.&nbsp;Hamasaki, T.&nbsp;Kuwaki, and C.&nbsp;Tei, «Improvement of Autonomic Nervous Activity by Waon Therapy in Patients with Chronic Heart Failure». <i>Journal of Cardiology</i> 57, no. 1 (Jan. 2011): 100–106.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-56">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-56">56.</a> Y.&nbsp;Soejima, T.&nbsp;Munemoto, A.&nbsp;Masuda, Y.&nbsp;Uwatoko, M.&nbsp;Miyata, and C.&nbsp;Tei, «Effects of Waon Therapy on Chronic Fatigue Syndrome: A Pilot Study». <i>Internal Medicine</i> 54, no. 3 (2015): 333–338.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-57">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-57">57.</a> G.&nbsp;Kanji, M.&nbsp;Weatherall, R.&nbsp;Peter, G.&nbsp;Purdie, and R.&nbsp;Page, «Efficacy of Regular Sauna Bathing for Chronic Tension-type Headache: A Randomized Controlled Study». <i>Journal of Alternative and Complementary Medicine</i> 21, no. 2 (Feb. 2015): 103–109.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-58">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-58">58.</a> J. H.&nbsp;Fowler and N. A.&nbsp;Christakis, «Dynamic Spread of Happiness in a Large Social Network: Longitudinal Analysis over 20 Years in the Framingham Heart Study». <i>British Medical Journal</i> 337 (Dec. 2008): a2338.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-59">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-59">59.</a> O. A.&nbsp;Coubard. «An Integrative Model for the Neural Mechanism of Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing (EMDR)». <i>Frontiers in Behavioral Neuroscience</i> 10 (2016): 52.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-60">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-60">60.</a> <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nylajeG6uFY">https://­www.youtube.com/­watch?v=­nylajeG6uFY</a>. Retrieved August 5, 2016.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-61">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-61">61.</a> C.&nbsp;Acarturk, E.&nbsp;Konuk, M.&nbsp;Cetinkaya, I.&nbsp;Senay, M.&nbsp;Sijbrandij, B.&nbsp;Gulen, and P.&nbsp;Cuijpers, «The Efficacy of Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing for Post-traumatic Stress Disorder and Depression among Syrian Refugees: Results of a Randomized Controlled Trial». <i>Psychological Medicine</i> 46, no. 12 (Sept. 2016): 2583–2593.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-62">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-62">62.</a> M.&nbsp;Maroufi, S.&nbsp;Zamani, Z.&nbsp;Izadikhah, M.&nbsp;Marofi, and P. O’Connor, «Investigating the Effect of Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing (EMDR) on Postoperative Pain Intensity in Adolescents Undergoing Surgery: A Randomized Controlled Trial». <i>Journal of Advanced Nursing</i> 72, no. 9 (Sept. 2016): 2207–2217.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng3-63">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g3.xhtml#ng3-63">63.</a> R. N.&nbsp;McLay, J. A.&nbsp;Webb-Murphy, S. F.&nbsp;Fesperman, E. M.&nbsp;Delaney, S. K.&nbsp;Gerard, S. C.&nbsp;Roesch, B. J.&nbsp;Nebeker, I.&nbsp;Pandzic, E. A.&nbsp;Vishnyak, and S. L.&nbsp;Johnston, «Outcomes from Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing in Active-Duty Service Members with Posttraumatic Stress Disorder». <i>Psychological Trauma</i> 8, no. 6 (Mar. 2016): 702–708.</p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
