<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Без стресса</title>
  <link href="../Styles/idGeneratedStyles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body>
  <h4 class="_Head61 sigil_not_in_toc">ГЛАВА&nbsp;4</h4>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-1">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-1">1.</a> M.&nbsp;Banasr, G. W.&nbsp;Valentine, X. Y.&nbsp;Li, S. L.&nbsp;Gourley, J. R.&nbsp;Taylor, and R. S.&nbsp;Duman, «Chronic Unpredictable Stress Decreases Cell Proliferation in the Cerebral Cortex of the Adult Rat.» <i>Biological Psychiatry</i> 62, no. 5 (Sept. 2007): 496–504.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-2">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-2">2.</a> E.&nbsp;Blix, A.&nbsp;Perski, H.&nbsp;Berglund, and I.&nbsp;Savic, «Long-term Occupational Stress is Associated with Regional Reductions in Brain Tissue Volumes». <i>PLoS ONE8</i>, no. 6 (Jun. 2013): e64065.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-3">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-3">3.</a> C. D.&nbsp;Gipson and M. F.&nbsp;Olive, «Structural and Functional Plasticity of Dendritic Spines&nbsp;— Root or Result of Behavior?» <i>Genes, Brain and Behavior 2017</i> 16, no. 1 (Jan. 2017): 101–117.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-4">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-4">4.</a> V.&nbsp;Pinto, J. C.&nbsp;Costa, P.&nbsp;Morgado, C.&nbsp;Mota, A.&nbsp;Miranda, F. V.&nbsp;Bravo, T. G.&nbsp;Oliveira, J. J.&nbsp;Cerqueira, and N.&nbsp;Sousa, «Differential Impact of Chronic Stress Along the Hippocampal Dorsal-ventral Axis». <i>Brain Structure and Function</i> 220, no. 2 (Mar. 2015): 1205–1212.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-5">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-5">5.</a> A.&nbsp;Ashokan, A.&nbsp;Hegde, and R.&nbsp;Mitra, «Short-term Environmental Enrichment is Sufficient to Counter Stress-induced Anxiety and Associated Structural and Molecular Plasticity in Basolateral Amygdala». <i>Psychoneuroendocrinology</i> 69 (Jul. 2016): 189–196.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-6">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-6">6.</a> A. N.&nbsp;Sharma, E. da Costa, B. F.&nbsp;Silva, J. C.&nbsp;Soares, A. F.&nbsp;Carvalho, and J.&nbsp;Quevedo, «Role of Trophic Factors GDNF, IGF-1 and VEGF in Major Depressive Disorder: A Comprehensive Review of Human Studies». <i>Journal of Affective Disorders</i> 197 (Jun. 2016): 9–20.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-7">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-7">7.</a> M. E.&nbsp;Maynard, C.&nbsp;Chung, A.&nbsp;Comer, K.&nbsp;Nelson, J.&nbsp;Tran, N.&nbsp;Werries, E. A.&nbsp;Barton, M.&nbsp;Spinetta, and J. L.&nbsp;Leasure, «Ambient Temperature Influences the Neural Benefits of Exercise». <i>Behavioural Brain Research</i> 299 (Feb. 2016): 27–31.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-8">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-8">8.</a> N. M.&nbsp;Vega-Rivera, L.&nbsp;Ortiz-López, A.&nbsp;Gómez-Sánchez, J.&nbsp;OikawaSala, E. M.&nbsp;Estrada-Camarena, and G. B.&nbsp;Ramírez-Rodríguez, «The Neurogenic Effects of an Enriched Environment and its Protection against the Behavioral Consequences of Chronic Mild Stress Persistent after Enrichment Cessation in Six-month-old Female Balb/C&nbsp;Mice». <i>Behavioural Brain Research</i> 301 (Mar. 2016): 72–83.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-9">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-9">9.</a> E.&nbsp;Castilla-Ortega, C.&nbsp;Rosell-Valle, C.&nbsp;Pedraza, F.&nbsp;Rodríguez de Fonseca, G.&nbsp;Estivill-Torrús, and L. J.&nbsp;Santín, «Voluntary Exercise Followed by Chronic Stress Strikingly Increases Mature Adult-born Hippocampal Neurons and Prevents Stress-induced Deficits in ‘What-when-where’ Memory». <i>Neurobiology of Learning and Memory</i> 109 (Mar. 2014): 62–73.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-10">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-10">10.</a> H. van Praag, G.&nbsp;Kempermann, and F. H.&nbsp;Gage, «Running Increases Cell Proliferation and Neurogenesis in the Adult Mouse Dentate Gyrus». <i>Nature Neuroscience</i> 2, no. 3 (Mar. 1999): 266–270.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-11">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-11">11.</a> S. A.&nbsp;Neeper, F.&nbsp;Gomez-Pinilla, J.&nbsp;Choi, and C. W.&nbsp;Cotman, «Physical Activity Increases mRNA for Brain-derived Neurotrophic Factor and Nerve Growth Factor in Rat Brain». <i>Brain Research</i> 726 (1996): 49–56.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-12">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-12">12.</a> M. S.&nbsp;Nokia, S.&nbsp;Lensu, J. P.&nbsp;Ahtiainen, P. P.&nbsp;Johansson, L. G.&nbsp;Koch, S. L.&nbsp;Britton, and H.&nbsp;Kainulainen, «Physical Exercise Increases Adult Hippocampal Neurogenesis in Male Rats Provided it is Aerobic and Sustained». <i>Journal of Physiology</i> 594, no. 7 (Apr. 2016): 1855–1873.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-13">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-13">13.</a> K.&nbsp;Inoue, M.&nbsp;Okamoto, J.&nbsp;Shibato, M. C.&nbsp;Lee, T.&nbsp;Matsui, R.&nbsp;Rakwal, and H.&nbsp;Soya, «Long-term Mild, Rather than Intense, Exercise Enhances Adult Hippocampal Neurogenesis and Greatly Changes the Transcriptomic Profile of the Hippocampus». <i>PLoS ONE10</i>, no. 6 (Jun. 2015): e0128720.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-14">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-14">14.</a> A.&nbsp;Dinoff, N.&nbsp;Herrmann, W.&nbsp;Swardfager, C. S.&nbsp;Liu, C.&nbsp;Sherman, S.&nbsp;Chan, and K. L.&nbsp;Lanctôt, «The Effect of Exercise Training on Resting Concentrations of Peripheral Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor (BDNF): A Meta-Analysis». <i>PLoS ONE11</i>, no. 9 (Sept. 2016): e0163037.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-15">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-15">15.</a> K. I.&nbsp;Erickson, M. W.&nbsp;Voss, R. S.&nbsp;Prakash, C.&nbsp;Basak, A.&nbsp;Szabo, L.&nbsp;Chaddock, J. S.&nbsp;Kim, S.&nbsp;Heo, H.&nbsp;Alves, S. M.&nbsp;White, T. R.&nbsp;Wojcicki, E.&nbsp;Mailey, V. J.&nbsp;Vieira, S. A.&nbsp;Martin, B. D.&nbsp;Pence, J. A.&nbsp;Woods, E.&nbsp;McAuley, and A. F.&nbsp;Kramer, «Exercise Training Increases Size of Hippocampus and Improves Memory». <i>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America</i> 108, no. 7 (Feb. 2011): 3017–3022.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-16">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-16">16.</a> C. H.&nbsp;Hillman, K. I.&nbsp;Erickson, and A. F.&nbsp;Kramer, «Be Smart, Exercise Your Heart: Exercise Effects on Brain and Cognition». <i>Nature Reviews Neuroscience</i> 9, no. 1 (Jan. 2008): 58–65.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-17">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-17">17.</a> M.&nbsp;Zagaar, A.&nbsp;Dao, A.&nbsp;Levine, I.&nbsp;Alhaider, and K.&nbsp;Alkadhi, «Regular Exercise Prevents Sleep Deprivation Associated Impairment of Long-term Memory and Synaptic Plasticity in the CA1 Area of the Hippocampus». <i>Sleep</i> 36, no. 5 (May 2013): 751–761.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-18">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-18">18.</a> T.&nbsp;Kobilo, Q. R.&nbsp;Liu, K.&nbsp;Gandhi, et al., «Running is the Neurogenic and Neurotrophic Stimulus in Environmental Enrichment». <i>Learning &amp; Memory</i> 18 (2011): 605–609.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-19">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-19">19.</a> G.&nbsp;Wagner, M.&nbsp;Herbsleb, F.&nbsp;Cruz, A.&nbsp;Schumann, F.&nbsp;Brünner, C.&nbsp;Schachtzabel, A.&nbsp;Gussew, C.&nbsp;Puta, S.&nbsp;Smesny, H. W.&nbsp;Gabriel, J. R.&nbsp;Reichenbach, and K. J.&nbsp;Bär, «Hippocampal Structure, Metabolism, and Inflammatory Response after a 6-week Intense Aerobic Exercise in Healthy Young Adults: A Controlled Trial». <i>Journal of Cerebral Blood Flow &amp; Metabolism</i> 35, no. 10 (Oct. 2015): 1570–1578.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-20">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-20">20.</a> C. J.&nbsp;Heyser, E.&nbsp;Masliah, A.&nbsp;Samimi, I. L.&nbsp;Campbell, and L. H.&nbsp;Gold, «Progressive Decline in Avoidance Learning Paralleled by Inflammatory Neurodegeneration in Transgenic Mice Expressing Interleukin 6 in the Brain». <i>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America</i> 94 (1997): 1500–1505.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-21">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-21">21.</a> D. L.&nbsp;Gruol, «IL-6 Regulation of Synaptic Function in the CNS». <i>Neuropharmacology</i> 96 (2015): 42–54, doi: <a href="http://doi.org/10.1016/j.neuropharm.2014.10.023">10.1016/­j.neuropharm.2014.10.023</a>.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-22">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-22">22.</a> M. A.&nbsp;Ajmone-Cat, E.&nbsp;Cacci, and L.&nbsp;Minghetti, «Non Steroidal Antiinflammatory Drugs and Neurogenesis in the Adult Mammalian Brain». <i>Current Pharmaceutical Design</i> 14, no. 14 (2008): 1435–1442.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-23">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-23">23.</a> K.&nbsp;Inoue, M.&nbsp;Okamoto, J.&nbsp;Shibato, M. C.&nbsp;Lee, T.&nbsp;Matsui, R.&nbsp;Rakwal, and H.&nbsp;Soya, «Long-term Mild, Rather than Intense, Exercise Enhances Adult Hippocampal Neurogenesis and Greatly Changes the Transcriptomic Profile of the Hippocampus». <i>PLoS ONE10</i>, no. 6 (Jun. 2015): e0128720.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-24">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-24">24.</a> M. E.&nbsp;Maynard, C.&nbsp;Chung, A.&nbsp;Comer, K.&nbsp;Nelson, J.&nbsp;Tran, N.&nbsp;Werries, E. A.&nbsp;Barton, M.&nbsp;Spinetta, and J. L.&nbsp;Leasure, «Ambient Temperature Influences the Neural Benefits of Exercise». <i>Behavioural Brain Research</i> 299 (Feb. 2016): 27–31.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-25">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-25">25.</a> G.&nbsp;Umschweif, D.&nbsp;Shabashov, A. G.&nbsp;Alexandrovich, V.&nbsp;Trembovler, M.&nbsp;Horowitz, and E.&nbsp;Shohami, «Neuroprotection after Traumatic Brain Injury in Heat-acclimated Mice Involves Induced Neurogenesis and Activation of Angiotensin Receptor Type 2 Signaling». <i>Journal of Cerebral Blood Flow &amp; Metabolism</i> 34, no. 8 (2014): 1381–1390.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-26">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-26">26.</a> V.&nbsp;Bhagya, B. N.&nbsp;Srikumar, J.&nbsp;Veena, and B. S.&nbsp;Shankaranarayana Rao, «Short-term Exposure to Enriched Environment Rescues Chronic Stress-induced Impaired Hippocampal Synaptic Plasticity, Anxiety, and Memory Deficits». <i>Journal of Neuroscience Research</i> (Nov. 2016) (<i>epub ahead of print),</i> doi: <a href="http://doi.org/10.1002/jnr.23992">10.1002/­jnr.23992</a>.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-27">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-27">27.</a> T.&nbsp;Novkovic, T.&nbsp;Mittmann, and D.&nbsp;Manahan-Vaughan, «BDNF Contributes to the Facilitation of Hippocampal Synaptic Plasticity and Learning Enabled by Environmental Enrichment». <i>Hippocampus</i> 25, no. 1 (Jan. 2015): 1–15.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-28">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-28">28.</a> J.&nbsp;Aarse, S.&nbsp;Herlitze, and D.&nbsp;Manahan-Vaughan, «The Requirement of BDNF for Hippocampal Synaptic Plasticity is Experiencedependent». <i>Hippocampus</i> 26, no. 6 (Jun. 2016): 739–751.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-29">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-29">29.</a> A.&nbsp;Ashokan, A.&nbsp;Hegde, and R.&nbsp;Mitra, «Short-term Environmental Enrichment is Sufficient to Counter Stress-induced Anxiety and Associated Structural and Molecular Plasticity in Basolateral Amygdala». <i>Psychoneuroendocrinology</i> 69 (Jul. 2016): 189–196.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-30">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-30">30.</a> G. D.&nbsp;Clemenson and C. E. L.&nbsp;Stark, «Virtual Environmental Enrichment through Video Games Improves Hippocampal-Associated Memory». <i>Journal of Neuroscience</i> 35, no. 49 (Dec. 2015): 16116–16125.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-31">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-31">31.</a> S.&nbsp;Seinfeld, H.&nbsp;Figueroa, J.&nbsp;Ortiz-Gil, and M. V.&nbsp;Sanchez-Vives, «Effects of Music Learning and Piano Practice on Cognitive Function, Mood and Quality of Life in Older Adults». <i>Frontiers in Psychology</i> 4 (2013): 810.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-32">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-32">32.</a> J.&nbsp;Oltmanns, B.&nbsp;Godde, A. H.&nbsp;Winneke, G.&nbsp;Richter, C.&nbsp;Niemann, C.&nbsp;Voelcker-Rehage, K.&nbsp;Schömann, and U. M.&nbsp;Staudinger, «Don’t Lose Your Brain at Work&nbsp;— The Role of Recurrent Novelty at Work in Cognitive and Brain Aging». <i>Frontiers in Psychology</i> 8 (2017): 117.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-33">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-33">33.</a> A.&nbsp;Arslan-Ergul, A. T.&nbsp;Ozdemir, and M. M.&nbsp;Adams, «Aging, Neurogenesis, and Caloric Restriction in Different Model Organisms». <i>Aging and Disease</i> 4, no. 4 (Jun. 2013): 221–232.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-34">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-34">34.</a> A. V.&nbsp;Witte, M.&nbsp;Fobker, R.&nbsp;Gellner, S.&nbsp;Knecht, and A.&nbsp;Floel, «Caloric Restriction Improves Memory in Elderly Humans». <i>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America</i> 106 (2009): 1255–1260.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-35">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-35">35.</a> A. K. E.&nbsp;Hornsby, Y. T.&nbsp;Redhead, D. J.&nbsp;Rees, et al., «Short-term Calorie Restriction Enhances Adult Hippocampal Neurogenesis and Remote Fear Memory in a Ghsr-dependent Manner». <i>Psychoneuroendocrinology</i> 63 (2016): 198–207.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-36">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-36">36.</a> L. L.&nbsp;Hurley, L.&nbsp;Akinfiresoye, E.&nbsp;Nwulia, A.&nbsp;Kamiya, A. A.&nbsp;Kulkarni, and Y.&nbsp;Tizabi, «Antidepressant-like Effects of Curcumin in WKY Rat Model of Depression is Associated with an Increase in Hippocampal BDNF». <i>Behavioural Brain Research</i> 239 (Feb. 2013): 27–30.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-37">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-37">37.</a> D.&nbsp;Liu, Z.&nbsp;Wang, Z.&nbsp;Gao, K.&nbsp;Xie, Q.&nbsp;Zhang, H.&nbsp;Jiang, and Q.&nbsp;Pang, «Effects of Curcumin on Learning and Memory Deficits, BDNF, and ERK Protein Expression in Rats Exposed to Chronic Unpredictable Stress». <i>Behavioural Brain Research</i> 271 (Sept. 2014): 116–121.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-38">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-38">38.</a> A. L.&nbsp;Lopresti, M.&nbsp;Maes, G. L.&nbsp;Maker, S. D.&nbsp;Hood, and P. D.&nbsp;Drummond, «Curcumin for the Treatment of Major Depression: A Randomised, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Study». <i>Journal of Affective Disorders</i> 167 (2014): 368–375.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-39">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-39">39.</a> A. L.&nbsp;Lopresti and P. D.&nbsp;Drummond, «Efficacy of Curcumin, and a Saffron/Curcumin Combination for the Treatment of Major Depression: A Randomised, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled Study». <i>Journal of Affective Disorders</i> 207 (Jan. 2017): 188–196.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-40">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-40">40.</a> B. B.&nbsp;Aggarwal, W.&nbsp;Yuan, S.&nbsp;Li, and S. C.&nbsp;Gupta, «Curcumin-free Turmeric Exhibits Anti-inflammatory and Anticancer Activities: Identification of Novel Components of Turmeric». <i>Molecular Nutrition &amp; Food Research</i> 57, no. 9 (Sept. 2013): 1529–1542.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-41">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-41">41.</a> R. W.&nbsp;Johnson, «Feeding the Beast: Can Microglia in the Senescent Brain Be Regulated by Diet?» <i>Brain, Behavior, and Immunity</i> 43 (Jan. 2015): 1–8.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-42">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-42">42.</a> V.&nbsp;Chesnokova, R. N.&nbsp;Pechnick, and K.&nbsp;Wawrowsky, «Chronic Peripheral Inflammation, Hippocampal Neurogenesis, and Behavior». <i>Brain, Behavior, and Immunity</i> 58 (Nov. 2016): 1–8.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-43">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-43">43.</a> D.&nbsp;Csabai, K.&nbsp;Csekő, L.&nbsp;Szaiff, Z.&nbsp;Varga, A.&nbsp;Miseta, Z.&nbsp;Helyes, and B.&nbsp;Czéh, «Low Intensity, Long Term Exposure to Tobacco Smoke Inhibits Hippocampal Neurogenesis in Adult Mice». <i>Behavioural Brain Research</i> 302 (Apr. 2016): 44–52.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng4-44">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g4.xhtml#ng4-44">44.</a> Y. H.&nbsp;Shih, S. F.&nbsp;Tsai, S. H.&nbsp;Huang, Y. T.&nbsp;Chiang, M. W.&nbsp;Hughes, S. Y.&nbsp;Wu, C. W.&nbsp;Lee, T. T.&nbsp;Yang, and Y. M.&nbsp;Kuo, «Hypertension Impairs Hippocampus-related Adult Neurogenesis, CA1 Neuron Dendritic Arborization and Long-term Memory». <i>Neuroscience</i> 322 (Feb. 2016): 346–357.</p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
