<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Без стресса</title>
  <link href="../Styles/idGeneratedStyles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body>
  <h4 class="_Head61 sigil_not_in_toc">ГЛАВА&nbsp;5</h4>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-1">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-1">1.</a> M.&nbsp;Bellesi, L. de Vivo, G.&nbsp;Tononi, and C.&nbsp;Cirelli, «Effects of Sleep and Wake on Astrocytes: 896 Clues from Molecular and Ultrastructural Studies». <i>BMC Biology</i> 13, no. 66 (2015).</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-2">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-2">2.</a> G.&nbsp;Bernardi, L.&nbsp;Cecchetti, F.&nbsp;Siclari, A.&nbsp;Buchmann, X.&nbsp;Yu, G.&nbsp;Handjaras, M.&nbsp;Bellesi, E.&nbsp;Ricciardi, S. R.&nbsp;Kecskemeti, B. A.&nbsp;Riedner, A. L.&nbsp;Alexander, R. M.&nbsp;Benca, M. F.&nbsp;Ghilardi, P.&nbsp;Pietrini, C.&nbsp;Cirelli, and G.&nbsp;Tononi, «Sleep Reverts Changes in Human Gray and White Matter Caused by Wake-dependent Training». <i>NeuroImage</i> 129 (Apr. 2016): 367–377.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-3">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-3">3.</a> A. A.&nbsp;Borbely, «The S-deficiency Hypothesis of Depression and the Two-Process Model of Sleep Regulation». <i>Pharmacopsychiatry</i> 20 (1987): 23–29.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-4">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-4">4.</a> A.&nbsp;Germain and M.&nbsp;Dretsch, «Sleep and Resilience&nbsp;— A Call for Prevention and Intervention». <i>Sleep</i> 39, no. 5 (2016): 963–965.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-5">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-5">5.</a> M. M.&nbsp;Menz, J. S.&nbsp;Rihm, and C.&nbsp;Büchel, «REM Sleep Is Causal to Successful Consolidation of Dangerous and Safety Stimuli and Reduces Return of Fear after Extinction». <i>Journal of Neuroscience</i> 36, no. 7 (Feb. 2016): 2148–2160.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-6">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-6">6.</a> M.&nbsp;Razzoli, C.&nbsp;Karsten, J. M.&nbsp;Yoder, A.&nbsp;Bartolomucci, and W. C.&nbsp;Engeland, «Chronic Subordination Stress Phase Advances Adrenal and Anterior Pituitary Clock Gene Rhythms». <i>American Journal of Physiology&nbsp;— Regulatory, Integrative and Comparative Physiology</i> 307, no. 2 (Jul. 2014): R198–205.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-7">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-7">7.</a> Y.&nbsp;Tahara, T.&nbsp;Shiraishi, Y.&nbsp;Kikuchi, A.&nbsp;Haraguchi, D.&nbsp;Kuriki, H.&nbsp;Sasaki, H.&nbsp;Motohashi, T.&nbsp;Sakai, and S.&nbsp;Shibata, «Entrainment of the Mouse Circadian Clock by Sub-acute Physical and Psychological Stress». <i>Scientific Reports</i> 5 (Jun. 2015): 11417.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-8">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-8">8.</a> P. D.&nbsp;Mavroudis, S. A.&nbsp;Corbett, S. E.&nbsp;Calvano, and I. P.&nbsp;Androulakis, «Mathematical Modeling of Light-mediated HPA Axis Activity and Downstream Implications on the Entrainment of Peripheral Clock Genes». <i>Physiological Genomics</i> 46, no. 20 (Oct. 2014): 766–778.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-9">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-9">9.</a> P.&nbsp;Pezük, J. A.&nbsp;Mohawk, L. A.&nbsp;Wang, and M.&nbsp;Menaker, «Glucocorticoids as Entraining Signals for Peripheral Circadian Oscillators». <i>Endocrinology</i> 153, no. 10 (Oct. 2012): 4775–4783.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-10">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-10">10.</a> P. D.&nbsp;Mavroudis, J. D.&nbsp;Scheff, S. E.&nbsp;Calvano, S. F.&nbsp;Lowry, and I. P.&nbsp;Androulakis, «Entrainment of Peripheral Clock Genes by Cortisol». <i>Physiological Genomics</i> 44, no. 11 (2012): 607–621.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-11">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-11">11.</a> L. D.&nbsp;Grandin, L. B.&nbsp;Alloy, and L. Y.&nbsp;Abramson, «The Social Zeitgeber Theory, Circadian Rhythms, and Mood Disorders: Review and Evaluation». <i>Clinical Psychology Review</i> 26, no. 6 (Oct. 2006): 679–694.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-12">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-12">12.</a> B.&nbsp;Etain, V.&nbsp;Milhiet, F.&nbsp;Bellivier, and M.&nbsp;Leboyer, «Genetics of Circadian Rhythms and Mood Spectrum Disorders». <i>European Neuropsychopharmacology: The Journal of the European College of Neuropsychopharmacology</i> 21, no. 4 (2011): S676–682.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-13">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-13">13.</a> P.&nbsp;Pevet and E.&nbsp;Challet, «Melatonin: Both Master Clock Output and Internal Time-giver in the Circadian Clocks Network». <i>Journal of Physiology–Paris</i> 105, nos. 4–6 (Dec. 2011): 170–182.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-14">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-14">14.</a> E.&nbsp;Grossman, M.&nbsp;Laudon, and N.&nbsp;Zisapel, «Effect of Melatonin on Nocturnal Blood Pressure: Meta-analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials». <i>Journal of Vascular Health and Risk Management</i> 7 (2011): 577–584.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-15">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-15">15.</a> F.&nbsp;Simko, T.&nbsp;Baka, L.&nbsp;Paulis, and R. J.&nbsp;Reiter, «Elevated Heart Rate and Nondipping Heart Rate as Potential Targets for Melatonin: A Review». <i>Journal of Pineal Research</i> 61, no. 2 (Sept. 2016): 127–137.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-16">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-16">16.</a> M. D.&nbsp;Muller, C. L.&nbsp;Sauder, and C. A.&nbsp;Ray, «Melatonin Attenuates the Skin Sympathetic Nerve Response to Mental Stress». <i>American Journal of Physiology&nbsp;— Heart and Circulatory Physiology</i> 305, no. 9 (Nov. 2013): H1382–1386.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-17">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-17">17.</a> N.&nbsp;Ruksee, W.&nbsp;Tongjaroenbuangam, T.&nbsp;Mahanam, and P.&nbsp;Govitrapong, «Melatonin Pretreatment Prevented the Effect of Dexamethasone Negative Alterations on Behavior and Hippocampal Neurogenesis in the Mouse Brain». <i>Journal of Steroid Biochemistry and Molecular Biology</i> 143 (Sept. 2014): 72–80.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-18">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-18">18.</a> F.&nbsp;Boulle, R.&nbsp;Massart, E.&nbsp;Stragier, et al., «Hippocampal and Behavioral Dysfunctions in a Mouse Model of Environmental Stress: Normalization by Agomelatine». <i>Translational Psychiatry</i> 4, no. 11 (2014): e485.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-19">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-19">19.</a> D. F.&nbsp;Kripke, J. A.&nbsp;Elliott, D. K.&nbsp;Welsh, and S. D.&nbsp;Youngstedt, «Photoperiodic and Circadian Bifurcation Theories of Depression and Mania». <i>F1000Research</i> 4 (May 2015): 107.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-20">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-20">20.</a> T. E.&nbsp;Henriksen, S.&nbsp;Skrede, O. B.&nbsp;Fasmer, H.&nbsp;Schoeyen, I.&nbsp;Leskauskaite, J.&nbsp;Bjørke-Bertheussen, J.&nbsp;Assmus, B.&nbsp;Hamre, J.&nbsp;Grønli, and Lund, «Blue-blocking Glasses as Additive Treatment for Mania: A Randomized Placebo-controlled Trial.» <i>Bipolar Disorders</i> 18, no. 3 (May 2016): 221–232.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-21">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-21">21.</a> A. J.&nbsp;Lewy, «The Dim Light Melatonin Onset, Melatonin Assays and Biological Rhythm Research in Humans». <i>Biological Signals and Receptors</i> 8, nos. 1–2 (Jan. 1999): 79–83.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-22">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-22">22.</a> A.&nbsp;Wahnschaffe, S.&nbsp;Haedel, A.&nbsp;Rodenbeck, et al., «Out of the Lab and into the Bathroom: Evening Short-term Exposure to Conventional Light Suppresses Melatonin and Increases Alertness Perception». <i>International Journal of Molecular Sciences</i> 14, no. 2 (2013): 2573–2589.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-23">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-23">23.</a> T.&nbsp;Kozaki, A.&nbsp;Kubokawa, R.&nbsp;Taketomi, and K.&nbsp;Hatae, «Light-induced Melatonin Suppression at Night after Exposure to Different Wavelength Composition of Morning Light». <i>Neuroscience Letters</i> 616 (Jan. 2016): 1–4.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-24">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-24">24.</a> V.&nbsp;Gabel, M.&nbsp;Maire, C. F.&nbsp;Reichert, S. L.&nbsp;Chellappa, C.&nbsp;Schmidt, V.&nbsp;Hommes, A. U.&nbsp;Viola, and C.&nbsp;Cajochen, «Effects of Artificial Dawn and Morning Blue Light on Daytime Cognitive Performance, Well-being, Cortisol and Melatonin Levels». <i>Chronobiology International</i> 30, no. 8 (Oct. 2013): 988–997.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-25">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-25">25.</a> C. A.&nbsp;Czeisler, R. E.&nbsp;Kronauer, J. S.&nbsp;Allan, J. F.&nbsp;Duffy, M. E.&nbsp;Jewett, E. N.&nbsp;Brown, and J. M.&nbsp;Ronda, «Bright Light Induction of Strong (Type&nbsp;0) Resetting of the Human Circadian Pacemaker». <i>Science</i> 244, no. 4910 (Jun. 1989): 1328–1333.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-26">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-26">26.</a> S. J.&nbsp;Kim, S.&nbsp;Benloucif, K. J.&nbsp;Reid, S.&nbsp;Weintraub, N.&nbsp;Kennedy, L. F.&nbsp;Wolfe, and P. C.&nbsp;Zee, «Phase-shifting Response to Light in Older Adults.» <i>The Journal of Physiology</i> 592, Pt. 1 (2014): 189–202.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-27">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-27">27.</a> K.&nbsp;Dewan, S.&nbsp;Benloucif, K.&nbsp;Reid, L. F.&nbsp;Wolfe, and P. C.&nbsp;Zee, «Lightinduced Changes of the Circadian Clock of Humans: Increasing Duration is More Effective than Increasing Light Intensity». <i>Sleep</i> 34, no. 5 (May 2011): 593–599.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-28">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-28">28.</a> M.&nbsp;Rüger, M. A.&nbsp;St. Hilaire, G. C.&nbsp;Brainard, S. B.&nbsp;Khalsa, R. E.&nbsp;Kronauer, C. A.&nbsp;Czeisler, et al., «Human Phase Response Curve to a Single 6.5 h Pulse of Short-wavelength Light». <i>Journal of Physiology</i> 591 (2013): 353–363.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-29">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-29">29.</a> K.&nbsp;Wada, S.&nbsp;Yata, O.&nbsp;Akimitsu, M.&nbsp;Krejci, T.&nbsp;Noji, M.&nbsp;Nakade, H.&nbsp;Takeuchi, and T.&nbsp;Harada, «A Tryptophan-rich Breakfast and Exposure to Light with Low Color Temperature at Night Improve Sleep and Salivary Melatonin Level in Japanese Students». <i>Journal of Circadian Rhythms</i> 11 (May 2013): 4.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-30">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-30">30.</a> H.&nbsp;Fukushige, Y.&nbsp;Fukuda, M.&nbsp;Tanaka, K.&nbsp;Inami, K.&nbsp;Wada, Y.&nbsp;Tsumura, M.&nbsp;Kondo, T.&nbsp;Harada, T.&nbsp;Wakamura, and T.&nbsp;Morita, «Effects of Tryptophan-rich Breakfast and Light Exposure during the Daytime on Melatonin Secretion at Night». <i>Journal of Physiological Anthropology</i> 33 (Nov. 2014): 33.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-31">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-31">31.</a> Y.&nbsp;Aguilera, M.&nbsp;Rebollo-Hernanz, T.&nbsp;Herrera, L. T.&nbsp;Cayuelas, P.&nbsp;Rodríguez-Rodríguez, Á. L. de Pablo, S. M.&nbsp;Arribas, and M. A.&nbsp;Martin-Cabrejas, «Intake of Bean Sprouts Influences Melatonin and Antioxidant Capacity Biomarker Levels in Rats». <i>Food &amp; Function</i> 7, no. 3 (Mar. 2016): 1438–1445.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-32">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-32">32.</a> G.&nbsp;Howatson, P. G.&nbsp;Bell, J.&nbsp;Tallent, B.&nbsp;Middleton, M. P.&nbsp;McHugh, and J.&nbsp;Ellis, «Effect of Tart Cherry Juice (Prunus cerasus) on Melatonin Levels and Enhanced Sleep Quality». <i>European Journal of Nutrition</i> (2012): 909–916.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-33">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-33">33.</a> A.&nbsp;Asher, A.&nbsp;Shabtay, A.&nbsp;Brosh, H.&nbsp;Eitam, R.&nbsp;Agmon, M.&nbsp;CohenZinder, A. E.&nbsp;Zubidat, and A.&nbsp;Haim, «‘Chrono-functional Milk’: The Difference between Melatonin Concentrations in Night-milk versus Day-milk under Different Night Illumination Conditions». <i>Chronobiology International</i> 32, no. 10 (2015): 1409–1416.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-34">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-34">34.</a> R. H.&nbsp;Goo, J. G.&nbsp;Moore, E.&nbsp;Greenberg, et al., «Circadian Variation in Gastric Emptying of Meals in Humans». <i>Gastroenterology</i> 93 (1987): 515–518.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-35">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-35">35.</a> S. S.&nbsp;Rao, P.&nbsp;Sadeghi, J.&nbsp;Beaty, et al., «Ambulatory 24-h Colonic Manometry in Healthy Humans». <i>American Journal of Physiology: Gastrointestinal and Liver Physiology</i> 280 (2001): G629–G639.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-36">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-36">36.</a> S. S.&nbsp;Han, R.&nbsp;Zhang, R.&nbsp;Jain, et al., «Circadian Control of Bile Acid Synthesis by a Klf15-fgf15 Axis». <i>Nature Communications</i> 6 (2015): 7231.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-37">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-37">37.</a> A.&nbsp;Zarrinpar, A.&nbsp;Chaix, S.&nbsp;Yooseph, et al., «Diet and Feeding Pattern Affect the Diurnal Dynamics of the Gut Microbiome». <i>Cell Metabolism</i> 20 (2014): 1006–1017.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-38">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-38">38.</a> J.&nbsp;Lund, J.&nbsp;Arendt, S. M.&nbsp;Hampton, J.&nbsp;English, and L. M.&nbsp;Morgan, «Postprandial Hormone and Metabolic Responses amongst Shift Workers in Antarctica». <i>Journal of Endocrinology</i> 171, no. 3 (Dec. 2001): 557–564.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-39">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-39">39.</a> P.&nbsp;Rubio-Sastre, F. A.&nbsp;Scheer, P.&nbsp;Gómez-Abellán, J. A.&nbsp;Madrid, and M.&nbsp;Garaulet, «Acute melatonin administration in humans impairs glucose tolerance in both the morning and evening». <i>Sleep</i> 37, no. 10 (Oct. 2014): 1715–1719.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-40">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-40">40.</a> C.&nbsp;Vollmers, S.&nbsp;Gill, L.&nbsp;DiTacchio, S. R.&nbsp;Pulivarthy, H. D.&nbsp;Le, and S.&nbsp;Panda, «Time of Feeding and the Intrinsic Circadian Clock Drive Rhythms in Hepatic Gene Expression». <i>Proceedings of the National</i> <i>Academy of Sciences</i> <i>of the United States of America</i> 106, no. 50 (Dec. 2009): 21453–21458.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-41">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-41">41.</a> A.&nbsp;Hirao, H.&nbsp;Nagahama, T.&nbsp;Tsuboi, M.&nbsp;Hirao, Y.&nbsp;Tahara, and S.&nbsp;Shibata, «Combination of Starvation Interval and Food Volume Determines the Phase of Liver Circadian Rhythm in Per2: Luc Knock-in Mice under Two Meals per Day Feeding». <i>American Journal of Physiology-Gastrointestinal and Liver Physiology</i> 299, no. 5 (2010): G1045–1053.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-42">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-42">42.</a> H.&nbsp;Kuroda, Y.&nbsp;Tahara, K.&nbsp;Saito, N.&nbsp;Ohnishi, Y.&nbsp;Kubo, Y.&nbsp;Seo, et al., «Meal Frequency Patterns Determine the Phase of Mouse Peripheral Circadian Clocks». <i>Scientific Reports</i> 2 (2012): 711.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-43">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-43">43.</a> R.&nbsp;Hara, K.&nbsp;Wan, H.&nbsp;Wakamatsu, R.&nbsp;Aida, T.&nbsp;Moriya, M.&nbsp;Akiyama, et al., «Restricted Feeding Entrains Liver Clock without Participation of the Suprachiasmatic Nucleus». <i>Genes to Cells</i> 6, no. 3 (2001): 269–278.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-44">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-44">44.</a> T.&nbsp;Yoshizaki, Y.&nbsp;Tada, A.&nbsp;Hida, A.&nbsp;Sunami, Y.&nbsp;Yokoyama, J.&nbsp;Yasuda, Nakai, F.&nbsp;Togo, and Y.&nbsp;Kawano, «Effects of Feeding Schedule Changes on the Circadian Phase of the Cardiac Autonomic Nervous System and Serum Lipid Levels». <i>European Journal of Applied Physiology</i> 113, no. 10 (Oct. 2013): 2603–2611.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-45">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-45">45.</a> C.&nbsp;Bandín, F. A.&nbsp;Scheer, A. J.&nbsp;Luque, V.&nbsp;Avila-Gandía, S.&nbsp;Zamora, J. A.&nbsp;Madrid, P.&nbsp;Gómez-Abellán, and M.&nbsp;Garaulet, «Meal Timing Affects Glucose Tolerance, Substrate Oxidation and Circadianrelated Variables: A Randomized, Crossover Trial». <i>International Journal of Obesity</i> 39, no. 5 (May 2015): 828–833.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-46">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-46">46.</a> M.&nbsp;Hatori, C.&nbsp;Vollmers, A.&nbsp;Zarrinpar, L.&nbsp;DiTacchio, E. A.&nbsp;Bushong, S.&nbsp;Gill, M.&nbsp;Leblanc, A.&nbsp;Chaix, M.&nbsp;Joens, J. A.&nbsp;Fitzpatrick, M. H.&nbsp;Ellisman, and S.&nbsp;Panda, «Time-restricted Feeding without Reducing Caloric Intake Prevents Metabolic Diseases in Mice Fed a High-fat Diet». <i>Cell Metabolism</i> 15, no. 6 (Jun. 2012): 848–860.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-47">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-47">47.</a> D.&nbsp;Jakubowicz, M.&nbsp;Barnea, J.&nbsp;Wainstein, et al., «High Caloric Intake at Breakfast vs. Dinner Differentially Influences Weight Loss of Overweight and Obese Women». <i>Obesity</i> 21 (2013): 2504–2512.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-48">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-48">48.</a> Y.&nbsp;Yamanaka, S.&nbsp;Hashimoto, N. N.&nbsp;Takasu, Y.&nbsp;Tanahashi, S. Y.&nbsp;Nishide, S.&nbsp;Honma, and K.&nbsp;Honma, «Morning and Evening Physical Exercise Differentially Regulate the Autonomic Nervous System during Nocturnal Sleepin Humans». <i>American Journalof Physiology—Regulatory, Integrative and Comparative Physiology</i> 309, no. 9 (Nov. 2015): R1112–1121.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-49">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-49">49.</a> M. R.&nbsp;Ebben and A. J.&nbsp;Spielman, «The Effects of Distal Limb Warming on Sleep Latency». <i>International Journal of Behavioral Medicine</i> 13, no. 3 (2006): 221–228.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-50">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-50">50.</a> T. M.&nbsp;Burke, R. R.&nbsp;Markwald, A. W.&nbsp;McHill, E. D.&nbsp;Chinoy, J. A.&nbsp;Snider, S. C.&nbsp;Bessman, C. M.&nbsp;Jung, J. S. O’Neill, and K. P.&nbsp;Wright Jr., «Effects of Caffeine on the Human Circadian Clock in vivo and in vitro». <i>Science Translational Medicine</i> 7, no. 305 (Sept. 2015): 305ra146.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-51">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-51">51.</a> <a href="http://www.mayoclinic.org/healthylifestyle/nutritionand-healthy-eating/in-depth/caffeine/art-20045678">http://­www.mayoclinic.org/­healthylifestyle/­nutritionand-healthy-eating/­in-depth/­caffeine/­art-20045678</a>.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-52">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-52">52.</a> H.&nbsp;Slama, G.&nbsp;Deliens, R.&nbsp;Schmitz, P.&nbsp;Peigneux, and R.&nbsp;Leproult, «Afternoon Nap and Bright Light Exposure Improve Cognitive Flexibility Post Lunch». <i>PLoS ONE10</i>, no. 5 (May 2015): e0125359.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-53">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-53">53.</a> H.&nbsp;Baek and B. K.&nbsp;Min, «Blue Light Aids in Coping with the Postlunch Dip: An EEG Study». <i>Ergonomics</i> 58, no. 5 (2015): 803–810.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-54">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-54">54.</a> M.&nbsp;Takahashi and H.&nbsp;Arito, «Maintenance of Alertness and Performance by a Brief Nap after Lunch under Prior Sleep Deficit». <i>Sleep</i> 23, no. 6 (Sept. 2000): 813–819.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-55">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-55">55.</a> M.&nbsp;Takahashi, H.&nbsp;Fukuda, and H.&nbsp;Arito, «Brief Naps during Postlunch Rest: Effects on Alertness, Performance, and Autonomic Balance». <i>European Journal of Applied Physiology and Occupational Physiology</i> 78, no. 2 (Jul. 1998): 93–98.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-56">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-56">56.</a> J. A.&nbsp;Groeger, J. C.&nbsp;Lo, C. G.&nbsp;Burns, and D. J.&nbsp;Dijk, «Effects of Sleep Inertia after Daytime Naps Vary with Executive Load and Time of Day». <i>Behavioral Neuroscience</i> 125, no. 2 (Apr. 2011): 252–260.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-57">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-57">57.</a> M.&nbsp;Tamaki, A.&nbsp;Shirota, M.&nbsp;Hayashi, and T.&nbsp;Hori, «Restorative Effects of a Short Afternoon Nap (&lt;30 min) in the Elderly on Subjective Mood, Performance and EEG Activity». <i>Sleep Research Online</i> 3 (2000): 131–139.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-58">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-58">58.</a> K.&nbsp;Müller, L.&nbsp;Libuda, A. M.&nbsp;Terschlüsen, and M.&nbsp;Kersting, «A Review of the Effects of Lunch on Adults’ Short-term Cognitive Functioning». <i>Canadian Journal of Dietetic Practice and Research</i> 74, no. 4 (2013): 181–188.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng5-59">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g5.xhtml#ng5-59">59.</a> L. A.&nbsp;Reyner, S. J.&nbsp;Wells, V.&nbsp;Mortlock, and J. A.&nbsp;Horne, «‘Post-lunch’ Sleepiness during Prolonged, Monotonous Driving&nbsp;— Effects of Meal Size». <i>Physiology &amp; Behavior</i> 105, no. 4 (Feb. 2012): 1088–1091.</p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
