<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Без стресса</title>
  <link href="../Styles/idGeneratedStyles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body>
  <h4 class="_Head61 sigil_not_in_toc">ГЛАВА&nbsp;6</h4>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-1">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-1">1.</a> L. V.&nbsp;Borovikova, S.&nbsp;Ivanova, M.&nbsp;Zhang, H.&nbsp;Yang, G. I.&nbsp;Botchkina, L. R.&nbsp;Watkins, H.&nbsp;Wang, N.&nbsp;Abumrad, J. W.&nbsp;Eaton, and K. J.&nbsp;Tracey, «Vagus Nerve Stimulation Attenuates the Systemic Inflammatory Response to Endotoxin». <i>Nature</i> 405 (2000): 458–462.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-2">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-2">2.</a> L. V.&nbsp;Borovikova, S.&nbsp;Ivanova, M.&nbsp;Zhang, H.&nbsp;Yang, G. I.&nbsp;Botchkina, L. R.&nbsp;Watkins, H.&nbsp;Wang, N.&nbsp;Abumrad, J. W.&nbsp;Eaton, and K. J.&nbsp;Tracey, «Vagus Nerve Stimulation Attenuates the Systemic Inflammatory Response to Endotoxin». <i>Nature</i> 405 (2000): 458–462.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-3">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-3">3.</a> J. A.&nbsp;Sturgeon, A.&nbsp;Arewasikporn, M. A.&nbsp;Okun, M. C.&nbsp;Davis, A. D.&nbsp;Ong, and A. J.&nbsp;Zautra, «The Psychosocial Context of Financial Stress: Implications for Inflammation and Psychological Health». <i>Psychosomatic Medicine</i> 78, no. 2 (Nov. 2015): 134–143.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-4">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-4">4.</a> G. E.&nbsp;Miller, E.&nbsp;Chen, J.&nbsp;Sze, T.&nbsp;Marin, J. M.&nbsp;Arevalo, R.&nbsp;Doll, et al., «A Functional Genomic Fingerprint of Chronic Stress in Humans: Blunted Glucocorticoid and Increased NF-kappaB Signaling». <i>Biological Psychiatry</i> 64 (2008): 266–272.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-5">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-5">5.</a> Z.&nbsp;Visnovcova, D.&nbsp;Mokra, P.&nbsp;Mikolka, M.&nbsp;Mestanik, A.&nbsp;Jurko, M.&nbsp;Javorka, A.&nbsp;Calkovska, and I.&nbsp;Tonhajzerova, «Alterations in Vagalimmune Pathway in Long-lasting Mental Stress». <i>Advances in Experimental Medicine and Biology</i> 832 (2015): 45–50.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-6">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-6">6.</a> H.&nbsp;Besedovsky, A. del Rey, E.&nbsp;Sorkin, and C. A.&nbsp;Dinarello, «Immunoregulatory Feedback between Interleukin-1 and Glucocorticoid Hormones». <i>Science</i> 233, no. 4764 (Aug. 1986): 652–654.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-7">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-7">7.</a> When your immune system detects invading viruses and bacteria, it releases inflammatory agents. One such agent is interleukin-1 or IL-1. IL-1 triggers the release of the stress hormone cortisol by setting off a chain of commands along the stress axis.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-8">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-8">8.</a> R.&nbsp;Dantzer, J. C. O’Connor, G. G.&nbsp;Freund, R. W.&nbsp;Johnson, and K. W.&nbsp;Kelley, «From Inflammation to Sickness and Depression: When the Immune System Subjugates the Brain». <i>Nature Reviews Neuroscience</i> 9, no. 1 (Jan. 2008): 46–56.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-9">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-9">9.</a> P. W.&nbsp;Gold, «The Organization of the Stress System and its Dysregulation in Depressive Illness». <i>Molecular Psychiatry</i> 20, no. 1 (Feb. 2015): 32–47.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-10">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-10">10.</a> T. W.&nbsp;Pace, F.&nbsp;Hu, and A. H.&nbsp;Miller, «Cytokine-effects on Glucocorticoid Receptor Function: Relevance to Glucocorticoid Resistance and the Pathophysiology and Treatment of Major Depression». <i>Brain, Behavior, and Immunity</i> 21 (2007): 9–19.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-11">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-11">11.</a> C. L.&nbsp;Raison and A. H.&nbsp;Miller, «When Not Enough is Too Much: The Role of Insufficient Glucocorticoid Signaling in the Pathophysiology of Stress-related Disorders». <i>American Journal of Psychiatry</i> 160 (2003): 1554–1565.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-12">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-12">12.</a> A.&nbsp;Bierhaus, J.&nbsp;Wolf, M.&nbsp;Andrassy, et al., «A Mechanism Converting Psychosocial Stress into Mononuclear Cell Activation». <i>Proceedings</i> <i>of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America</i> 100, no. 4 (2003): 1920–1925.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-13">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-13">13.</a> M.&nbsp;Iwata, K. T.&nbsp;Ota, X. Y.&nbsp;Li, F.&nbsp;Sakaue, N.&nbsp;Li, S.&nbsp;Dutheil, M.&nbsp;Banasr, V.&nbsp;Duric, T.&nbsp;Yamanashi, K.&nbsp;Kaneko, K.&nbsp;Rasmussen, A.&nbsp;Glasebrook, A.&nbsp;Koester, D.&nbsp;Song, K. A.&nbsp;Jones, S.&nbsp;Zorn, G.&nbsp;Smagin, and R. S.&nbsp;Duman, «Psychological Stress Activates the Inflammasome via Release of Adenosine Triphosphate and Stimulation of the Purinergic Type 2X7 Receptor». <i>Biological Psychiatry</i> 80, no. 1 (Dec. 2015): 12–22.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-14">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-14">14.</a> Y.&nbsp;Zhang, L.&nbsp;Liu, Y. Z.&nbsp;Liu, X. L.&nbsp;Shen, T. Y.&nbsp;Wu, T.&nbsp;Zhang, W.&nbsp;Wang, Y. X.&nbsp;Wang, and C. L.&nbsp;Jiang, «NLRP3 Inflammasome Mediates Chronic Mild Stress-Induced Depression in Mice via Neuroinflammation». <i>International Journal of Neuropsychopharmacology</i> 18, no. 8 (Jan. 2015), pii: pyv006.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-15">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-15">15.</a> M.&nbsp;Tartter, C.&nbsp;Hammen, J. E.&nbsp;Bower, P. A.&nbsp;Brennan, and S.&nbsp;Cole, «Effects of Chronic Interpersonal Stress Exposure on Depressive Symptoms Are Moderated by Genetic Variation at IL6 and IL1β in Youth». <i>Brain, Behavior, and Immunity</i> 46 (May 2015): 104–111.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-16">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-16">16.</a> M.&nbsp;Ozawa, M.&nbsp;Shipley, M.&nbsp;Kivimaki, A.&nbsp;Singh-Manoux, and E. J.&nbsp;Brunner, «Dietary Pattern, Inflammation and Cognitive Decline: The Whitehall&nbsp;II Prospective Cohort Study». <i>Clinical Nutrition</i> (Jan. 2016): pii: S0261–5614(16)00035–2.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-17">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-17">17.</a> C. L.&nbsp;Raison, L.&nbsp;Capuron, and A. H.&nbsp;Miller, «Cytokines Sing the Blues: Inflammation and the Pathogenesis of Depression». <i>Trends in Immunology</i> 27 (2006): 24–31.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-18">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-18">18.</a> C. L.&nbsp;Raison, R. E.&nbsp;Rutherford, B. J.&nbsp;Woolwine, et al., «A Randomized Controlled Trial of the Tumor Necrosis Factor Antagonist Infliximab for Treatment-resistant Depression: The Role of Baseline Inflammatory Biomarkers». <i>JAMA Psychiatry</i> 70 (2013): 31–41.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-19">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-19">19.</a> P.&nbsp;Yang, Z.&nbsp;Gao, H.&nbsp;Zhang, Z.&nbsp;Fang, C.&nbsp;Wu, H.&nbsp;Xu, and Q. J.&nbsp;Huang, «Changes in Proinflammatory Cytokines and White Matter in Chronically Stressed Rats». <i>Neuropsychiatric Disease and Treatment</i> 11 (Mar. 2015): 597–607.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-20">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-20">20.</a> B.&nbsp;Leonard and M.&nbsp;Maes, «Mechanistic Explanations How Cellmediated Immune Activation, Inflammation, and Oxidative and Nitrosative Stress Pathways and Their Sequels and Concomitants Play a Role in the Pathophysiology of Unipolar Depression». <i>Neuroscience &amp; Biobehavioral Reviews</i> 36 (2012): 764–785.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-21">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-21">21.</a> I.&nbsp;Goshen, T.&nbsp;Kreisel, O.&nbsp;Ben-Menachem-Zidon, T.&nbsp;Licht, J.&nbsp;Weidenfeld, T.&nbsp;Ben-Hur, et al., «Brain Interleukin-1 Mediates Chronic Stress-induced Depression in Mice via Adrenocortical Activation and Hippocampal Neurogenesis Suppression». <i>Molecular Psychiatry</i> 13 (2008): 717–728.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-22">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-22">22.</a> J. L.&nbsp;Jankowsky and P. H.&nbsp;Patterson, «Cytokine and Growth Factor Involvement in Long-term Potentiation». <i>Molecular and Cellular Neuroscience</i> 14, nos. 4–5 (Oct.&nbsp;— Nov. 1999): 273–286.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-23">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-23">23.</a> G.&nbsp;Ravaglia, P.&nbsp;Forti, F.&nbsp;Maioli, N.&nbsp;Brunetti, M.&nbsp;Martelli, L.&nbsp;Servadei, L.&nbsp;Bastagli, M.&nbsp;Bianchin, and E.&nbsp;Mariani, «Serum C-reactive Protein and Cognitive Function in Healthy Elderly Italian Community Dwellers». <i>Journals of Gerontology Series A: Biological Sciences and Medical Sciences</i> 60, no. 8 (Aug. 2005): 1017–1021.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-24">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-24">24.</a> J. N.&nbsp;Trollor, E.&nbsp;Smith, E.&nbsp;Agars, S. A.&nbsp;Kuan, B. T.&nbsp;Baune, L.&nbsp;Campbell, et al., «The Association between Systemic Inflammation and Cognitive Performance in the Elderly: The Sydney Memory and Ageing Study». <i>Age</i> 34 (2012): 1295–1308, 10.1007/s11357–011–9301-x.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-25">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-25">25.</a> S. M.&nbsp;Heringa, E. van den Berg, Y. D.&nbsp;Reijmer, G.&nbsp;Nijpels, C. D.&nbsp;Stehouwer, C. G.&nbsp;Schalkwijk, T.&nbsp;Teerlink, P. G.&nbsp;Scheffer, K. van den Hurk, L. J.&nbsp;Kappelle, J. M.&nbsp;Dekker, and G. J.&nbsp;Biessels, «Markers of Low-grade Inflammation and Endothelial Dysfunction Are Related to Reduced Information Processing Speed and Executive Functioning in an Older Population&nbsp;— the Hoorn Study». <i>Psychoneuroendocrinology</i> 40 (Feb. 2014): 108–118.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-26">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-26">26.</a> A. J.&nbsp;Ocon, «Caught in the Thickness of Brain Fog: Exploring the Cognitive Symptoms of Chronic Fatigue Syndrome». <i>Frontiers in Physiology</i> 4 (Apr. 2013): 63.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-27">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-27">27.</a> G.&nbsp;Lange, J.&nbsp;Steffener, D. B.&nbsp;Cook, B. M.&nbsp;Bly, C.&nbsp;Christodoulou, W. C.&nbsp;Liu, J.&nbsp;Deluca, and B. H.&nbsp;Natelson, «Objective Evidence of Cognitive Complaints in Chronic Fatigue Syndrome: A BOLD fMRI Study of Verbal Working Memory». <i>Neuroimage</i> 26, no. 2 (Jun. 2005): 513–524.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-28">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-28">28.</a> D. B.&nbsp;Cook, P. J. O’Connor, G.&nbsp;Lange, and J.&nbsp;Steffener, «Functional Neuroimaging Correlates of Mental Fatigue Induced by Cognition among Chronic Fatigue Syndrome Patients and Controls». <i>Neuroimage</i> 36, no. 1 (May 2007): 108–122.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-29">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-29">29.</a> G.&nbsp;Morris, M.&nbsp;Berk, K.&nbsp;Walder, and M.&nbsp;Maes, «Central Pathways Causing Fatigue in Neuro-inflammatory and Autoimmune Illnesses». <i>BMC Medicine</i> 13 (2015): 28, doi: <a href="http://doi.org/10.1186/s12916-014-0259-2">10.1186/­s12916-014-0259-2</a>.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-30">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-30">30.</a> T. C.&nbsp;Theoharides, J. M.&nbsp;Stewart, S.&nbsp;Panagiotidou, and I.&nbsp;Melamed, «Mast Cells, Brain Inflammation and Autism». <i>European Journal of Pharmacology</i> (May 2015): pii: S0014–2999(15)00398–2.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-31">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-31">31.</a> T. W.&nbsp;Costantini, V.&nbsp;Bansal, C. Y.&nbsp;Peterson, et al., «Efferent Vagal Nerve Stimulation Attenuates Gut Barrier Injury after Burn: Modulation of Intestinal Occludin Expression». <i>Journal of Trauma</i> 68, no. 6 (2010): 1349–1356.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-32">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-32">32.</a> J. S.&nbsp;Grigoleit, J. S.&nbsp;Kullmann, O. T.&nbsp;Wolf, F.&nbsp;Hammes, A.&nbsp;Wegner, S.&nbsp;Jablonowski, H.&nbsp;Engler, E.&nbsp;Gizewski, R.&nbsp;Oberbeck, and M.&nbsp;Schedlowski, «Dose-dependent Effects of Endotoxin on Neurobehavioral Functions in Humans». <i>PLoS ONE6</i> (2011): e28330.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-33">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-33">33.</a> J. S.&nbsp;Kullmann, J. S.&nbsp;Grigoleit, P.&nbsp;Lichte, P.&nbsp;Kobbe, C.&nbsp;Rosenberger, C.&nbsp;Banner, O. T.&nbsp;Wolf, H.&nbsp;Engler, R.&nbsp;Oberbeck, S.&nbsp;Elsenbruch, U.&nbsp;Bingel, M.&nbsp;Forsting, E. R.&nbsp;Gizewski, and M.&nbsp;Schedlowski, «Neural Response to Emotional Stimuli during Experimental Human Endotoxemia». <i>Human Brain Mapping</i> 34, no. 9 (Sept. 2013): 2217–2227.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-34">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-34">34.</a> L.&nbsp;Giloteaux, J. K.&nbsp;Goodrich, W. A.&nbsp;Walters, S. M.&nbsp;Levine, R. E.&nbsp;Ley, and M. R.&nbsp;Hanson, «Reduced Diversity and Altered Composition of the Gut Microbiome in Individuals with Myalgic Encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue Syndrome». <i>Microbiome</i> 4 (2016): 30.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-35">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-35">35.</a> T.&nbsp;Vanuytsel, S. van Wanrooy, H.&nbsp;Vanheel, C.&nbsp;Vanormelingen, S.&nbsp;Verschueren, E.&nbsp;Houben, S.&nbsp;Salim Rasoel, J.&nbsp;Tόth, L.&nbsp;Holvoet, R.&nbsp;Farré, L.&nbsp;van Oudenhove, G.&nbsp;Boeckxstaens, K.&nbsp;Verbeke, and J.&nbsp;Tack, «Psychological Stress and Corticotropin-releasing Hormone Increase Intestinal Permeability in Humans by a Mast Cell-dependent Mechanism». <i>Gut</i> 63, no. 8 (Aug. 2014): 1293–1299.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-36">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-36">36.</a> M.&nbsp;Krzyzaniak, C.&nbsp;Peterson, W.&nbsp;Loomis, et al., «Postinjury Vagal Nerve Stimulation Protects against Intestinal Epithelial Barrier Breakdown». <i>Journal of Trauma</i> 70, no. 5 (2011): 1168–1176, doi: <a href="http://doi.org/10.1097/TA.0b013e318216f754">10.1097/­TA.0b013e318216f754</a>.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-37">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-37">37.</a> J. M.&nbsp;Van Houten, R. J.&nbsp;Wessells, H. L.&nbsp;Lujan, and S. E.&nbsp;DiCarlo, «My Gut Feeling Says Rest: Increased Intestinal Permeability Contributes to Chronic Diseases in High-intensity Exercisers». <i>Medical Hypotheses</i> 85, no. 6 (Dec. 2015): 882–886.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-38">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-38">38.</a> X.&nbsp;Li, E. M.&nbsp;Kan, J.&nbsp;Lu, Y.&nbsp;Cao, R. K.&nbsp;Wong, A.&nbsp;Keshavarzian, and C. H.&nbsp;Wilder-Smith, «Combat-training Increases Intestinal Permeability, Immune Activation and Gastrointestinal Symptoms in Soldiers». <i>Alimentary Pharmacology and Therapeutics</i> 37, no. 8 (Apr. 2013): 799–809.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-39">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-39">39.</a> P.&nbsp;Schnohr, J. H. O’Keefe, J. L.&nbsp;Marott, P.&nbsp;Lange, and G. B.&nbsp;Jensen, «Dose of Jogging and Long-term Mortality». <i>Journal of the American College of Cardiology</i> 65 (2015): 411–419.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-40">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-40">40.</a> S.&nbsp;Alfonso-Loeches, J.&nbsp;Ureña-Peralta, M. J.&nbsp;Morillo-Bargues, U.&nbsp;Gómez-Pinedo, and C.&nbsp;Guerri, «Ethanol-induced TLR4/NLRP3 Neuroinflammatory Response in Microglial Cells Promotes Leukocyte Infiltration across the BBB». <i>Neurochemical Research</i> 41, nos. 1–2 (Feb. 2016): 193–209.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-41">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-41">41.</a> V.&nbsp;Purohit, J. C.&nbsp;Bode, C.&nbsp;Bode, D. A.&nbsp;Brenner, M. A.&nbsp;Choudhry, F.&nbsp;Hamilton, Y. J.&nbsp;Kang, A.&nbsp;Keshavarzian, R.&nbsp;Rao, R. B.&nbsp;Sartor, C.&nbsp;Swanson, and J. R.&nbsp;Turner, «Alcohol, Intestinal Bacterial Growth, Intestinal Permeability to Endotoxin, and Medical Consequences: Summary of a Symposium». <i>Alcohol</i> 42, no. 5 (Aug. 2008): 349–361.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-42">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-42">42.</a> A.&nbsp;Keshavarzian, S.&nbsp;Choudhary, E. W.&nbsp;Holmes, S.&nbsp;Yong, A.&nbsp;Banan, S.&nbsp;Jakate, and J. Z.&nbsp;Fields, «Preventing Gut Leakiness by Oats Supplementation Ameliorates Alcohol-induced Liver Damage in Rats». <i>Journal of Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics</i> 299, no. 2 (Nov. 2001): 442–448.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-43">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-43">43.</a> A.&nbsp;Mackie, N.&nbsp;Rigby, P.&nbsp;Harvey, and B.&nbsp;Bajka, «Increasing Dietary Oat Fibre Decreases the Permeability of Intestinal Mucus». <i>Journal of Functional Foods</i> 26 (Oct. 2016): 418–427.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-44">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-44">44.</a> G. R.&nbsp;Swanson, A.&nbsp;Gorenz, M.&nbsp;Shaikh, V.&nbsp;Desai, C.&nbsp;Forsyth, L.&nbsp;Fogg, H. J.&nbsp;Burgess, and A.&nbsp;Keshavarzian, «Decreased Melatonin Secretion is Associated with Increased Intestinal Permeability and Marker of Endotoxemia in Alcoholics». <i>American Journal of Physiology: Gastrointestinal and Liver Physiology</i> 308, no. 12 (Jun. 2015): G1004–1011.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-45">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-45">45.</a> S.&nbsp;Toden, A. R.&nbsp;Bird, D. L.&nbsp;Topping, and M. A.&nbsp;Conlon, «Resistant Starch Prevents Colonic DNA Damage Induced by High Dietary Cooked Red Meat or Casein in Rats». <i>Cancer Biology &amp; Therapy</i> 5, no. 3 (Mar. 2006): 267–272.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-46">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-46">46.</a> S.&nbsp;Sonia, F.&nbsp;Witjaksono, and R.&nbsp;Ridwan, «Effect of Cooling of Cooked White Rice on Resistant Starch Content and Glycemic Response». <i>Asia Pacific Journal of Clinical Nutrition</i> 24, no. 4 (2015): 620–625.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-47">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-47">47.</a> Y.&nbsp;Murakami, S.&nbsp;Tanabe, and T.&nbsp;Suzuki, «High-fat Diet-induced Intestinal Hyperpermeability is Associated with Increased Bile Acids in the Large Intestine of Mice». <i>Journal of Food Science</i> 81, no. 1 (Jan. 2016): H216–222.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-48">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-48">48.</a> F.&nbsp;Bianchini, G.&nbsp;Caderni, P.&nbsp;Dolara, L.&nbsp;Fantetti, and D.&nbsp;Kriebel, «Effect of Dietary Fat, Starch and Cellulose on Fecal Bile Acids in Mice». <i>Journal of Nutrition</i> 119, no. 11 (Nov. 1989): 1617–1624.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-49">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-49">49.</a> B.&nbsp;Benoit, P.&nbsp;Plaisancié, A.&nbsp;Géloën, M.&nbsp;Estienne, C.&nbsp;Debard, E.&nbsp;Meugnier, E.&nbsp;Loizon, P.&nbsp;Daira, J.&nbsp;Bodennec, O.&nbsp;Cousin, H.&nbsp;Vidal, F.&nbsp;Laugerette, and M. C.&nbsp;Michalski, «Pasture v. Standard Dairy Cream in High-Fat Diet-Fed Mice: Improved Metabolic Outcomes and Stronger Intestinal Barrier». <i>British Journal of Nutrition</i> 112, no. 4 (Aug. 2014): 520–535.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-50">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-50">50.</a> J.&nbsp;Suez, T.&nbsp;Korem, D.&nbsp;Zeevi, G.&nbsp;Zilberman-Schapira, C. A.&nbsp;Thaiss, O.&nbsp;Maza, D.&nbsp;Israeli, N.&nbsp;Zmora, S.&nbsp;Gilad, A.&nbsp;Weinberger, Y.&nbsp;Kuperman, Harmelin, I.&nbsp;Kolodkin-Gal, H.&nbsp;Shapiro, Z.&nbsp;Halpern, E.&nbsp;Segal, and E.&nbsp;Elinav, «Artificial Sweeteners Induce Glucose Intolerance by Altering the Gut Microbiota». <i>Nature</i> 514, no. 7521 (Oct. 2014): 181–186.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-51">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-51">51.</a> A.&nbsp;Lerner and T.&nbsp;Matthias, «Changes in Intestinal Tight Junction Permeability Associated with Industrial Food Additives Explain the Rising Incidence of Autoimmune Disease». <i>Autoimmunity Reviews</i> 14, no. 6 (Jun. 2015): 479–489.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-52">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-52">52.</a> B.&nbsp;Chassaing, O.&nbsp;Koren, J. K.&nbsp;Goodrich, A. C.&nbsp;Poole, S.&nbsp;Srinivasan, R. E.&nbsp;Ley, and A. T.&nbsp;Gewirtz, «Dietary Emulsifiers Impact the Mouse Gut Microbiota Promoting Colitis and Metabolic Syndrome». <i>Nature</i> 519, no. 7541 (Mar. 2015): 92–96.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-53">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-53">53.</a> N. A.&nbsp;Bokulich and M. J.&nbsp;Blaser, «A Bitter Aftertaste: Unintended Effects of Artificial Sweeteners on the Gut Microbiome». <i>Cell Metabolism</i> 20, no. 5 (Nov. 2014): 701–703.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-54">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-54">54.</a> B.&nbsp;Chassaing, O.&nbsp;Koren, J. K.&nbsp;Goodrich, A. C.&nbsp;Poole, S.&nbsp;Srinivasan, R. E.&nbsp;Ley, and A. T.&nbsp;Gewirtz, «Dietary Emulsifiers Impact the Mouse Gut Microbiota Promoting Colitis and Metabolic Syndrome». <i>Nature</i> 519, no. 7541 (Mar. 2015): 92–96.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-55">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-55">55.</a> K.&nbsp;Yoshikawa, C.&nbsp;Kurihara, H.&nbsp;Furuhashi, T.&nbsp;Takajo, K.&nbsp;Maruta, Y.&nbsp;Yasutake, H.&nbsp;Sato, K.&nbsp;Narimatsu, Y.&nbsp;Okada, M.&nbsp;Higashiyama, C.&nbsp;Watanabe, S.&nbsp;Komoto, K.&nbsp;Tomita, S.&nbsp;Nagao, S.&nbsp;Miura, H.&nbsp;Tajiri, and R.&nbsp;Hokari, «Psychological Stress Exacerbates NSAID-induced Small Bowel Injury by Inducing Changes in Intestinal Microbiota and Permeability via Glucocorticoid Receptor Signaling». <i>Journal of Gastroenterology</i> 52, no. 1 (Apr. 2016): 61–71.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-56">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-56">56.</a> Mackie et al., «Increasing Dietary Oat Fibre Decreases the Permeability of Intestinal Mucus». 418–427.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-57">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-57">57.</a> A. R.&nbsp;Mackie, A.&nbsp;Macierzanka, K.&nbsp;Aarak, N. M.&nbsp;Rigby, R.&nbsp;Parker, G. A.&nbsp;Channell, S. E.&nbsp;Harding, and B. H.&nbsp;Bajka, «Sodium Alginate Decreases the Permeability of Intestinal Mucus». <i>Food Hydrocolloids</i> 52 (Jan. 2016): 749–755.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-58">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-58">58.</a> B.&nbsp;Wang, G.&nbsp;Wu, Z.&nbsp;Zhou, Z.&nbsp;Dai, Y.&nbsp;Sun, Y.&nbsp;Ji, W.&nbsp;Li, W.&nbsp;Wang, C.&nbsp;Liu, F.&nbsp;Han, and Z.&nbsp;Wu, «Glutamine and Intestinal Barrier Function». <i>Amino Acids</i> 47, no. 10 (Oct. 2015): 2143–2154.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-59">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-59">59.</a> C. M.&nbsp;Lenders, S.&nbsp;Liu, D. W.&nbsp;Wilmore, L.&nbsp;Sampson, L. W.&nbsp;Dougherty, D.&nbsp;Spiegelman, and W. C.&nbsp;Willett, «Evaluation of a Novel Food Composition Database That Includes Glutamine and Other Amino Acids Derived from Gene Sequencing Data». <i>European Journal of Clinical Nutrition</i> 63, no. 12 (Dec. 2009): 1433–1439.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-60">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-60">60.</a> G. C.&nbsp;Sturniolo, V.&nbsp;Di Leo, A.&nbsp;Ferronato, A. D’Odorico, and R. D’Inca, «Zinc Supplementation Tightens ‘Leaky Gut’ in Crohn’s Disease». <i>Inflammatory Bowel Diseases</i> 7, no. 2 (2001): 94–98.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-61">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-61">61.</a> G. C.&nbsp;Sturniolo, W.&nbsp;Fries, E.&nbsp;Mazzon, V.&nbsp;Di Leo, M.&nbsp;Barollo, and R. D’Inca, «Effect of Zinc Supplementation on Intestinal Permeability in Experimental Colitis». <i>Journal of Laboratory and Clinical Medicine</i> 139, no. 5 (2002): 311–315.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-62">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-62">62.</a> E. V.&nbsp;Boll, L. M.&nbsp;Ekström, C. M.&nbsp;Courtin, J. A.&nbsp;Delcour, A. C.&nbsp;Nilsson, I. M.&nbsp;Björck, and E. M.&nbsp;Östman, «Effects of Wheat Bran Extract Rich in Arabinoxylan Oligosaccharides and Resistant Starch on Overnight Glucose Tolerance and Markers of Gut Fermentation in Healthy Young Adults». <i>European Journal of Nutrition</i> 55, no. 4 (Jul. 2015): 1661–1670.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-63">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-63">63.</a> J. A.&nbsp;Cho and E.&nbsp;Park, «Curcumin Utilizes the Anti-inflammatory Response Pathway to Protect the Intestine against Bacterial Invasion». <i>Nutrition Research and Practice</i> 9, no. 2 (Apr. 2015): 117–122.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-64">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-64">64.</a> L.&nbsp;Vecchi Brumatti, A.&nbsp;Marcuzzi, P. M.&nbsp;Tricarico, V.&nbsp;Zanin, M.&nbsp;Girardelli, and A. M.&nbsp;Bianco, «Curcumin and Inflammatory Bowel Disease: Potential and Limits of Innovative Treatments». <i>Molecules</i> 19, no. 12 (Dec. 2014): 21127–21153.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-65">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-65">65.</a> A.&nbsp;Assa, L.&nbsp;Vong, L. J.&nbsp;Pinnell, N.&nbsp;Avitzur, K. C.&nbsp;Johnson-Henry, and P. M.&nbsp;Sherman, «Vitamin D Deficiency Promotes Epithelial Barrier Dysfunction and Intestinal Inflammation». <i>Journal of Infectious Diseases</i> 210, no. 8 (Oct. 2014): 1296–1305.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-66">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-66">66.</a> T.&nbsp;Raftery, A. R.&nbsp;Martineau, C. L.&nbsp;Greiller, S.&nbsp;Ghosh, D.&nbsp;McNamara, K.&nbsp;Bennett, J.&nbsp;Meddings, and M. O’Sullivan, «Effects of Vitamin D Supplementation on Intestinal Permeability, Cathelicidin and Disease Markers in Crohn’s Disease: Results from a Randomized Doubleblind Placebo-controlled Study». <i>United European Gastroenterology Journal</i> 3, no. 3 (Jun. 2015): 294–302.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-67">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-67">67.</a> M.&nbsp;Bashir, B.&nbsp;Prietl, M.&nbsp;Tauschmann, et al., «Effects of High Doses of Vitamin D3 on Mucosa-associated Gut Microbiome Vary between Regions of the Human Gastrointestinal Tract». <i>European Journal of Nutrition</i> 55 (2016): 1479–1489.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-68">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-68">68.</a> A.&nbsp;Reyes, M.&nbsp;Haynes, N.&nbsp;Hanson, F. E.&nbsp;Angly, A. C.&nbsp;Heath, F.&nbsp;Rohwer, and J. I.&nbsp;Gordon, «Viruses in the Faecal Microbiota of Monozygotic Twins and their Mothers». <i>Nature</i> 466, no. 7304 (Jul. 2010): 334–338.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-69">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-69">69.</a> <a href="http://www.nature.com/news/2010/100714/full/news.2010.353.html">http://­www.nature.com/­news/­2010/­100714/­full/­news.2010.353.html</a>. Retrieved Jul. 15, 2016.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-70">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-70">70.</a> L. A.&nbsp;David, C. F.&nbsp;Maurice, R. N.&nbsp;Carmody, et al., «Diet Rapidly and Reproducibly Alters the Human Gut Microbiome». <i>Nature</i> 505 (2014): 559–563.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-71">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-71">71.</a> X.&nbsp;Yang, E.&nbsp;Twitchell, G.&nbsp;Li, K.&nbsp;Wen, M.&nbsp;Weiss, J.&nbsp;Kocher, S.&nbsp;Lei, Ramesh, E. P.&nbsp;Ryan, and L.&nbsp;Yuan, «High Protective Efficacy of Rice Bran against Human Rotavirus Diarrhea via Enhancing Probiotic Growth, Gut Barrier Function, and Innate Immunity». <i>Scientific Reports</i> 5 (Oct. 2015): 15004.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-72">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-72">72.</a> I.&nbsp;Martínez, J. M.&nbsp;Lattimer, K. L.&nbsp;Hubach, J. A.&nbsp;Case, J.&nbsp;Yang, C. G.&nbsp;Weber, J. A.&nbsp;Louk, D. J.&nbsp;Rose, G.&nbsp;Kyureghian, D. A.&nbsp;Peterson, M. D.&nbsp;Haub, and J.&nbsp;Walter, «Gut Microbiome Composition is Linked to Whole Grain-induced Immunological Improvements». <i>ISME Journal</i> 7, no. 2 (Feb. 2013): 269–280.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-73">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-73">73.</a> A.&nbsp;Basson, A.&nbsp;Trotter, A.&nbsp;Rodriguez-Palacios, and F.&nbsp;Cominelli, «Mucosal Interactions between Genetics, Diet, and Microbiome in Inflammatory Bowel Disease». <i>Frontiers in Immunology</i> 7 (Aug. 2016): 290.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-74">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-74">74.</a> G.&nbsp;Winther, B. M.&nbsp;Pyndt Jørgensen, B.&nbsp;Elfving, D. S.&nbsp;Nielsen, P.&nbsp;Kihl, S.&nbsp;Lund, D. B.&nbsp;Sørensen, and G.&nbsp;Wegener, «Dietary Magnesium Deficiency Alters Gut Microbiota and Leads to Depressive-like Behaviour». <i>Acta Neuropsychiatrica</i> 27, no. 3 (Feb. 2015): 1–9.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-75">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-75">75.</a> K. A.&nbsp;Whalen, M. L.&nbsp;McCullough, W. D.&nbsp;Flanders, T. J.&nbsp;Hartman, S.&nbsp;Judd, and R. M.&nbsp;Bostick, «Paleolithic and Mediterranean Diet Pattern Scores Are Inversely Associated with Biomarkers of Inflammation and Oxidative Balance in Adults». <i>Journal of Nutrition</i> 146, no. 6 (Jun. 2016): 1217–1226.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-76">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-76">76.</a> C.&nbsp;Rendeiro, D.&nbsp;Vauzour, R. J.&nbsp;Kean, L. T.&nbsp;Butler, M.&nbsp;Rattray, J. P.&nbsp;Spencer, and C. M.&nbsp;Williams, «Blueberry Supplementation Induces Spatial Memory Improvements and Region-specific Regulation of Hippocampal BDNF mRNA Expression in Young Rats». <i>Psychopharmacology</i> 223, no. 3 (Oct. 2012): 319–330.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-77">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-77">77.</a> R.&nbsp;Krikorian, M. D.&nbsp;Shidler, T. A.&nbsp;Nash, W.&nbsp;Kalt, M. R.&nbsp;Vinqvist-Tymchuk, B.&nbsp;Shukitt-Hale, and J. A.&nbsp;Joseph, «Blueberry Supplementation Improves Memory in Older Adults». <i>Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry</i> 58 (2010): 3996–4000.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-78">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-78">78.</a> E. E.&nbsp;Devore, J. H.&nbsp;Kang, M. M.&nbsp;Breteler, and F.&nbsp;Grodstein, «Dietary Intakes of Berries and Flavonoids in Relation to Cognitive Decline». <i>Annals of Neurology</i> 72, no. 1 (Jul. 2012): 135–143.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-79">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-79">79.</a> <a href="https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2016/03/160314084821.htm">https://­www.sciencedaily.com/­releases/­2016/­03/­160314084821.htm</a>.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-80">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-80">80.</a> D.&nbsp;Kelly, R. F.&nbsp;Coen, K. O.&nbsp;Akuffo, S.&nbsp;Beatty, J.&nbsp;Dennison, R.&nbsp;Moran, J.&nbsp;Stack, A. N.&nbsp;Howard, R.&nbsp;Mulcahy, and J. M.&nbsp;Nolan, «Cognitive Function and Its Relationship with Macular Pigment Optical Density and Serum Concentrations of its Constituent Carotenoids». <i>Journal of Alzheimer’s Disease</i> 48, no. 1 (2015): 261–277.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-81">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-81">81.</a> Y.&nbsp;Ozawa, N.&nbsp;Nagai, M.&nbsp;Suzuki, T.&nbsp;Kurihara, H.&nbsp;Shinoda, M.&nbsp;Watanabe, and K.&nbsp;Tsubota, «Effects of Constant Intake of Lutein-rich Spinach on Macular Pigment Optical Density: A Pilot Study». <i>Nippon Ganka Gakkai Zasshi</i> 120, no. 1 (Jan. 2016): 41–48.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-82">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-82">82.</a> M.&nbsp;Govender, Y. E.&nbsp;Choonara, S. van Vuuren, P.&nbsp;Kumar, L. C. du Toit, and V.&nbsp;Pillay, «Design and Evaluation of an Oral Multiparticulate System for Dual Delivery of Amoxicillin and Lactobacillus acidophilus». <i>Future Microbiology</i> 11 (Sept. 2016): 1133–1145.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-83">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-83">83.</a> J. D.&nbsp;Galley and M. T.&nbsp;Bailey, «Impact of Stressor Exposure on the Interplay between Commensal Microbiota and Host Inflammation». <i>Gut Microbes</i> 5 (2014): 390–396.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-84">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-84">84.</a> M. T.&nbsp;Bailey and C. L.&nbsp;Coe, «Maternal Separation Disrupts the Integrity of the Intestinal Microflora in Infant Rhesus Monkeys». <i>Developmental Psychobiology</i> 35 (1999): 146–155.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-85">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-85">85.</a> M.&nbsp;Tanida and K.&nbsp;Nagai, «Electrophysiological Analysis of the Mechanism of Autonomic Action by Lactobacilli». <i>Bioscience and Microflora</i> 30, no. 4 (2011): 99–109.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-86">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-86">86.</a> M.&nbsp;Nishimura, T.&nbsp;Ohkawara, K.&nbsp;Tetsuka, et al., «Effects of Yogurt Containing <i>Lactobacillus plantarum</i> HOKKAIDO on Immune Function and Stress Markers». <i>Journal of Traditional and Complementary Medicine</i> 6, no. 3 (2016): 275–280.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-87">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-87">87.</a> A. V.&nbsp;Rao, A. C.&nbsp;Bested, T. M.&nbsp;Beaulne, M. A.&nbsp;Katzman, C.&nbsp;Iorio, J. M.&nbsp;Berardi, and A. C.&nbsp;Logan, «A Randomized, Double-blind, Placebocontrolled Pilot Study of a Probiotic in Emotional Symptoms of Chronic Fatigue Syndrome». <i>Gut Pathogens</i> 1, no. 1 (Mar. 2009): 6.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-88">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-88">88.</a> M.&nbsp;Messaoudi, R.&nbsp;Lalonde, N.&nbsp;Violle, H.&nbsp;Javelot, D.&nbsp;Desor, A.&nbsp;Nejdi, J. F.&nbsp;Bisson, C.&nbsp;Rougeot, M.&nbsp;Pichelin, M.&nbsp;Cazaubiel, and J. M.&nbsp;Cazaubiel, «Assessment of Psychotropic-like Properties of a Probiotic Formulation (<i>Lactobacillus helveticus</i> R0052 and <i>Bifidobacterium</i> <i>longum</i> R0175) in Rats and Human Subjects». <i>British Journal of Nutrition</i> 105 (2011): 755–764.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-89">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-89">89.</a> S. R.&nbsp;Knowles, E. A.&nbsp;Nelson, and E. A.&nbsp;Palombo, «Investigating the Role of Perceived Stress on Bacterial Flora Activity and Salivary Cortisol Secretion: A Possible Mechanism Underlying Susceptibility to Illness». <i>Biological Psychology</i> 77 (2008): 132–137.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-90">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-90">90.</a> L.&nbsp;Desbonnet, L.&nbsp;Garrett, G.&nbsp;Clarke, B.&nbsp;Kiely, J. F.&nbsp;Cryan, and T. G.&nbsp;Dinan, «Effects of the Probiotic <i>Bifidobacterium infantis</i> in the Maternal Separation Model of Depression». <i>Neuroscience</i> 170 (2010): 1179–1188.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-91">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-91">91.</a> D.&nbsp;Benton, C.&nbsp;Williams, and A.&nbsp;Brown, «Impact of Consuming a Milk Drink Containing a Probiotic on Mood and Cognition». <i>European Journal of Clinical Nutrition</i> 61, no. 3 (Mar. 2007): 355–361.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-92">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-92">92.</a> K.&nbsp;Tillisch, J.&nbsp;Labus, L.&nbsp;Kilpatrick, et al., «Consumption of Fermented Milk Product with Probiotic Modulates Brain Activity». <i>Gastroenterology</i> 144, no. 7 (2013): 1394–1401.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-93">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-93">93.</a> J. A.&nbsp;Bravo, P.&nbsp;Forsythe, M. V.&nbsp;Chew, E.&nbsp;Escaravage, H. M.&nbsp;Savignac, T. G.&nbsp;Dinan, et al., «Ingestion of <i>Lactobacillus</i> Strain Regulates Emotional Behavior and Central GABA Receptor Expression in a Mouse via the Vagus Nerve». <i>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America</i> 108 (2011): 16050–16055.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-94">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-94">94.</a> P. A.&nbsp;Mackowiak, «Recycling Metchnikoff: Probiotics, the Intestinal Microbiome and the Quest for Long Life». <i>Frontiers in Public Health</i> 1 (2013): 52.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-95">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-95">95.</a> Z.&nbsp;Xu and R.&nbsp;Knight, «Dietary Effects on Human Gut Microbiome Diversity». <i>British Journal of Nutrition</i> 113, suppl. 0&nbsp;2015): S1–S5.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-96">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-96">96.</a> M.&nbsp;Mohamadshahi, M.&nbsp;Veissi, F.&nbsp;Haidari, H.&nbsp;Shahbazian, G. A.&nbsp;Kaydani, and F.&nbsp;Mohammadi, «Effects of Probiotic Yogurt Consumption on Inflammatory Biomarkers in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes». <i>BioImpacts</i> 4, no. 2 (2014): 83–88.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-97">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-97">97.</a> <a href="http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/gut-second-brain/">http://­www.scientific­american.com/­article/­gut-second-brain/</a>. Retrieved Jul. 26, 2015.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-98">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-98">98.</a> T. T.&nbsp;Haug, A.&nbsp;Mykletun, and A. A.&nbsp;Dahl, «Are Anxiety and Depression Related to Gastrointestinal Symptoms in the General Population?» <i>Scandinavian Journal of Gastroenterology</i> 37, no. 3 (Mar. 2002): 294–298.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-99">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-99">99.</a> R.&nbsp;Spiller, Q.&nbsp;Aziz, F.&nbsp;Creed, A.&nbsp;Emmanuel, L.&nbsp;Houghton, P.&nbsp;Hungin, R.&nbsp;Jones, D.&nbsp;Kumar, G.&nbsp;Rubin, N.&nbsp;Trudgill, and P.&nbsp;Whorwell, «Guidelines on the Irritable Bowel Syndrome: Mechanisms and Practical Management». <i>Gut</i> 56, no. 12 (Dec. 2007): 1770–1798.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-100">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-100">100.</a> R. M.&nbsp;Lovell and A. C.&nbsp;Ford, «Global Prevalence of and Risk Factors for Irritable Bowel Syndrome: A Meta-analysis». <i>Clinical Gastroenterology and Hepatology</i> 10, no. 7 (Jul. 2012): 712–721.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-101">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-101">101.</a> M. M.&nbsp;Wouters, S. van Wanrooy, A.&nbsp;Nguyen, J.&nbsp;Dooley, J.&nbsp;Aguilera-Lizarraga, W. van Brabant, J. E.&nbsp;Garcia-Perez, L. van Oudenhove, M.&nbsp;van Ranst, J.&nbsp;Verhaegen, A.&nbsp;Liston, and G.&nbsp;Boeckxstaens, «Psychological Comorbidity Increases the Risk for Postinfectious IBS Partly by Enhanced Susceptibility to Develop Infectious Gastroenteritis». <i>Gut</i> 65, no. 8 (Aug. 2016): 1279–1288, doi: <a href="http://doi.org/10.1136/gutjnl-2015-309460">10.1136/­gutjnl-2015-309460</a>.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-102">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-102">102.</a> I. O.&nbsp;Olubuyide, F.&nbsp;Olawuyi, and A. A.&nbsp;Fasanmade, «A Study of Irritable Bowel Syndrome Diagnosed by Manning Criteria in an African Population». <i>Digestive Diseases and Sciences</i> 40 (1995): 983–985.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-103">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-103">103.</a> H. J.&nbsp;Jung, M. I.&nbsp;Park, W.&nbsp;Moon, S. J.&nbsp;Park, H. H.&nbsp;Kim, E. J.&nbsp;Noh, G. J.&nbsp;Lee, J. H.&nbsp;Kim, and D. G.&nbsp;Kim, «Are Food Constituents Relevant to the Irritable Bowel Syndrome in Young Adults? A Rome&nbsp;III based Prevalence Study of the Korean Medical Students». <i>Journal of Neurogastroenterology and Motility</i> 17 (2011): 294–299.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-104">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-104">104.</a> L. C.&nbsp;Phua, C. H.&nbsp;Wilder-Smith, Y. M.&nbsp;Tan, T.&nbsp;Gopalakrishnan, R. K.&nbsp;Wong, X.&nbsp;Li, M. E.&nbsp;Kan, J.&nbsp;Lu, A.&nbsp;Keshavarzian, and E. C.&nbsp;Chan, «Gastrointestinal Symptoms and Altered Intestinal Permeability Induced by Combat Training Are Associated with Distinct Metabotypic Changes». <i>Journal of Proteome Research</i> 14, no. 11 (Nov. 2015): 4734–4742.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-105">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-105">105.</a> S.&nbsp;Seyedmirzaee, M. M.&nbsp;Hayatbakhsh, B.&nbsp;Ahmadi, N.&nbsp;Baniasadi, M.&nbsp;Bagheri Rafsanjani, A. R.&nbsp;Nikpoor, and M.&nbsp;Mohammadi, «Serum Immune Biomarkers in Irritable Bowel Syndrome». <i>Clinics and Research in Hepatology and Gastroenterology</i> 40, no. 5 (Nov. 2016): 631–637.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-106">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-106">106.</a> Y. T.&nbsp;Lee, L. Y.&nbsp;Hu, C. C.&nbsp;Shen, M. W.&nbsp;Huang, S. J.&nbsp;Tsai, A. C.&nbsp;Yang, C. K.&nbsp;Hu, C. L.&nbsp;Perng, Y. S.&nbsp;Huang, and J. H.&nbsp;Hung, «Risk of Psychiatric Disorders following Irritable Bowel Syndrome: A Nationwide Population-Based Cohort Study». <i>PLoS ONE10</i>, no. 7 (Jul. 2015): e0133283.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-107">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-107">107.</a> C.&nbsp;Tana, Y.&nbsp;Umesaki, A.&nbsp;Imaoka, T.&nbsp;Handa, M.&nbsp;Kanazawa, and S.&nbsp;Fukudo, «Altered Profiles of Intestinal Microbiota and Organic Acids May Be the Origin of Symptoms in Irritable Bowel Syndrome». <i>Neurogastroenterology &amp; Motility</i> 22, no. 5 (May 2010): 512–519, e114–115.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-108">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-108">108.</a> S. L.&nbsp;Eswaran, W. D.&nbsp;Chey, T.&nbsp;Han-Markey, S.&nbsp;Ball, and K.&nbsp;Jackson, «A Randomized Controlled Trial Comparing the Low FODMAP Diet vs. Modified NICE Guidelines in US Adults with IBS-D». <i>American Journal of Gastroenterology</i> 111, no. 12 (Dec. 2016): 1824–1832.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-109">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-109">109.</a> L.&nbsp;Böhn, S.&nbsp;Störsrud, T.&nbsp;Liljebo, L.&nbsp;Collin, P.&nbsp;Lindfors, H.&nbsp;Törnblom, and M.&nbsp;Simrén, «Diet Low in FODMAPs Reduces Symptoms of Irritable Bowel Syndrome as Well as Traditional Dietary Advice: A Randomized Controlled Trial». <i>Gastroenterology</i> 149, no. 6 (Nov. 2015): 1399–1407, doi: <a href="http://doi.org/10.1053/j.gastro.2015.07.054">10.1053/­j.gastro.2015.07.054</a>.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-110">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-110">110.</a> T. N.&nbsp;Hustoft, T.&nbsp;Hausken, S. O.&nbsp;Ystad, J.&nbsp;Valeur, K.&nbsp;Brokstad, J. G.&nbsp;Hatlebakk, and G. A.&nbsp;Lied, «Effects of Varying Dietary Content of Fermentable Short-chain Carbohydrates on Symptoms, Fecal Microenvironment, and Cytokine Profiles in Patients with Irritable Bowel Syndrome». <i>Neurogastroenterology &amp; Motility</i> (Oct. 2016) (<i>epub ahead of print</i>). doi: <a href="http://doi.org/10.1111/nmo.12969">10.1111/­nmo.12969</a>.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-111">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-111">111.</a> D.&nbsp;Lis, K. D.&nbsp;Ahuja, T.&nbsp;Stellingwerff, C. M.&nbsp;Kitic, and J.&nbsp;Fell, «Case Study: Utilizing a Low FODMAP Diet to Combat Exercise-induced Gastrointestinal Symptoms». <i>International Journal of Sport Nutrition and Exercise Metabolism</i> 26, no. 5 (Oct. 2016): 481–487.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-112">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-112">112.</a> D.&nbsp;Lis, K. D.&nbsp;Ahuja, T.&nbsp;Stellingwerff, C. M.&nbsp;Kitic, and J.&nbsp;Fell, «Food Avoidance in Athletes: FODMAP Foods on the List». <i>Applied Physiology, Nutrition, and Metabolism</i> 41, no. 9 (Sept. 2016): 1002–1004.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-113">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-113">113.</a> Y.&nbsp;Junker, S.&nbsp;Zeissig, S. J.&nbsp;Kim, et al., «Wheat Amylase Trypsin Inhibitors Drive Intestinal Inflammation via Activation of Toll-like Receptor&nbsp;4». <i>Journal of Experimental Medicine</i> 209 (2012): 2395–2408.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-114">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-114">114.</a> S.&nbsp;Golley, N.&nbsp;Corsini, D.&nbsp;Topping, et al., «Motivations for Avoiding Wheat Consumption in Australia: Results from a Population Survey». <i>Public Health Nutrition</i> 18 (2015): 490–499.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-115">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-115">115.</a> A.&nbsp;Carroccio, P.&nbsp;Mansueto, G.&nbsp;Iacono, et al., «Non-celiac Wheat Sensitivity Diagnosed by Double-blind Placebo-controlled Challenge: Exploring a New Clinical Entity». <i>American Journal of Gastroenterology</i> 107 (2012): 1898–1906.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-116">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-116">116.</a> T.&nbsp;Thompson, «Wheat Starch, Gliadin, and the Gluten-free Diet». <i>Journal of the American Dietetic Association</i> 101, no. 12 (Dec. 2001): 1456–1459.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-117">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-117">117.</a> U.&nbsp;Volta, M. I.&nbsp;Pinto-Sanchez, E.&nbsp;Boschetti, G.&nbsp;Caio, R.&nbsp;De Giorgio, and E. F.&nbsp;Verdu, «Dietary Triggers in Irritable Bowel Syndrome: Is There a Role for Gluten?». <i>Journal of Neurogastroenterology and Motility</i> 22, no. 4 (Oct. 2016): 547–557.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-118">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-118">118.</a> A. P.&nbsp;Marum et al., «A Low Fermentable Oligo-di-mono Saccharides and Polyols (FODMAP) Diet Reduced Pain and Improved Daily Life in Fibromyalgia Patients». <i>Scandinavian Journal of Pain</i> 13 (Oct. 2016): 166–172.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-119">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-119">119.</a> R.&nbsp;Nisihara, A. P.&nbsp;Marques, A.&nbsp;Mei, and T.&nbsp;Skare, «Celiac Disease and Fibromyalgia: Is There an Association?». <i>Revista Espanola de Enfermedades Digestivas</i> 108, no. 2 (Feb. 2016): 107–108.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-120">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-120">120.</a> G. L.&nbsp;Austin, C. B.&nbsp;Dalton, Y.&nbsp;Hu, C. B.&nbsp;Morris, J.&nbsp;Hankins, S. R.&nbsp;Weinland, E. C.&nbsp;Westman, W. S.&nbsp;Yancy, Jr., and D. A.&nbsp;Drossman, «A Very Low-carbohydrate Diet Improves Symptoms and Quality of Life in Diarrhea-predominant Irritable Bowel Syndrome». <i>Clinical Gastroenterology and Hepatology</i> 7, no. 6 (Jun. 2009): 706–708.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-121">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-121">121.</a> A.&nbsp;Kumar, N.&nbsp;Kumar, J. C.&nbsp;Vij, S. K.&nbsp;Sarin, and B. S.&nbsp;Anand, «Optimum Dosage of Ispaghula Husk in Patients with Irritable Bowel Syndrome: Correlation of Symptom Relief with Whole Gut Transit Time and Stool Weight». <i>Gut</i> 28, no. 2 (Feb. 1987): 150–155.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-122">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-122">122.</a> K.&nbsp;Lindfors, T.&nbsp;Blomqvist, K.&nbsp;Juuti-Uusitalo, S.&nbsp;Stenman, J.&nbsp;Venäläinen, M.&nbsp;Mäki, and K.&nbsp;Kaukinen, «Live Probiotic Bifidobacterium lactis Bacteria Inhibit the Toxic Effects Induced by Wheat Gliadin in Epithelial Cell Culture». <i>Clinical &amp; Experimental Immunology</i> 152, no. 3 (Jun. 2008): 552–558.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-123">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-123">123.</a> S.&nbsp;Guandalini, G.&nbsp;Magazzù, A.&nbsp;Chiaro, V. la Balestra, G.&nbsp;Di Nardo, S.&nbsp;Gopalan, A.&nbsp;Sibal, C.&nbsp;Romano, R. B.&nbsp;Canani, P.&nbsp;Lionetti, and M.&nbsp;Setty, «VSL#3 Improves Symptoms in Children with Irritable Bowel Syndrome: A Multicenter, Randomized, Placebo-controlled, Double-blind, Crossover Study». <i>Journal of Pediatric Gastroenterology and Nutrition</i> 51, no. 1 (Jul. 2010): 24–30.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-124">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-124">124.</a> N.&nbsp;Shivappa, S. E.&nbsp;Steck, T. G.&nbsp;Hurley, J. R.&nbsp;Hussey, and J. R.&nbsp;Hébert, «Designing and Developing a Literature-derived, Population-based Dietary Inflammatory Index». <i>Public Health Nutrition</i> 17, no. 8 (Aug. 2014): 1689–1696.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-125">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-125">125.</a> N.&nbsp;Shivappa, S. E.&nbsp;Steck, T. G.&nbsp;Hurley, J. R.&nbsp;Hussey, Y.&nbsp;Ma, I. S.&nbsp;Ockene, F.&nbsp;Tabung, and J. R.&nbsp;Hébert, «A Population-based Dietary Inflammatory Index Predicts Levels of C-reactive Protein in the Seasonal Variation of Blood Cholesterol Study». <i>Public Health Nutrition</i> 17, no. 8 (Aug. 2014): 1825–1833.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-126">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-126">126.</a> M.&nbsp;Hafizi Abu Bakar, C.&nbsp;Kian Kai, W. N.&nbsp;Wan Hassan, M. R.&nbsp;Sarmidi, H.&nbsp;Yaakob, and H.&nbsp;Zaman Huri, «Mitochondrial Dysfunction as a Central Event for Mechanisms Underlying Insulin Resistance: The Roles of Long Chain Fatty Acids». <i>Diabetes/Metabolism Research and Reviews</i> 31, no. 5 (Jul. 2015): 453–475.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-127">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-127">127.</a> A.&nbsp;Mancini, E.&nbsp;Imperlini, E.&nbsp;Nigro, C.&nbsp;Montagnese, A.&nbsp;Daniele, S.&nbsp;Orrù, and P.&nbsp;Buono, «Biological and Nutritional Properties of Palm Oil and Palmitic Acid: Effects on Health». <i>Molecules</i> 20, no. 9 (Sept. 2015): 17339–17361.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-128">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-128">128.</a> R. G.&nbsp;Snodgrass, S.&nbsp;Huang, D.&nbsp;Namgaladze, O.&nbsp;Jandali, T.&nbsp;Shao, S.&nbsp;Sama, B.&nbsp;Brüne, and D. H.&nbsp;Hwang, «Docosahexaenoic Acid and Palmitic Acid Reciprocally Modulate Monocyte Activation in Part through Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress». <i>Journal of Nutritional Biochemistry</i> 32 (Jun. 2016): 39–45.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-129">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-129">129.</a> M.&nbsp;Hafizi et al., «Mitochondrial Dysfunction as a Central Event for Mechanisms Underlying Insulin Resistance: The Roles of Long Chain Fatty Acids»: 453–475.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-130">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-130">130.</a> S.&nbsp;Montserrat-de la Paz, M. C.&nbsp;Naranjo, B.&nbsp;Bermudez, S.&nbsp;Lopez, W.&nbsp;Moreda, R.&nbsp;Abia, and F. J.&nbsp;Muriana, «Postprandial Dietary Fatty Acids Exert Divergent Inflammatory Responses in Retinal-pigmented Epithelium Cells». <i>Food &amp; Function</i> 7, no. 3 (Mar. 2016): 1345–1353.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-131">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-131">131.</a> L. M.&nbsp;Varela, B.&nbsp;Bermúdez, A.&nbsp;Ortega-Gómez, S.&nbsp;López, R.&nbsp;Sánchez, J.&nbsp;Villar, C.&nbsp;Anguille, F. J.&nbsp;Muriana, P.&nbsp;Roux, and R.&nbsp;Abia, «Postprandial Triglyceride-rich Lipoproteins Promote Invasion of Human Coronary Artery Smooth Muscle Cells in a Fatty-acid Manner through PI3k-Rac1-JNK Signaling». <i>Molecular Nutrition &amp; Food Research</i> 58, no. 6 (Jun. 2014): 1349–1364.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-132">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-132">132.</a> P. D.&nbsp;Cani, R.&nbsp;Bibiloni, C.&nbsp;Knauf, A.&nbsp;Waget, A. M.&nbsp;Neyrinck, N. M.&nbsp;Delzenne, and R.&nbsp;Burcelin, «Changes in Gut Microbiota Control Metabolic Endotoxemia-induced Inflammation in High-Fat DietInduced Obesity and Diabetes in Mice». <i>Diabetes</i> 57, no. 6 (Jun. 2008): 1470–1481.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-133">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-133">133.</a> A. L.&nbsp;Kala, V.&nbsp;Joshi, and K. N.&nbsp;Gurudutt, «Effect of Heating Oils and Fats in Containers of Different Materials on Their Trans Fatty Acid Content». <i>Journal of the Science of Food and Agriculture</i> 92, no. 11 (Aug. 2012): 2227–2233.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-134">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-134">134.</a> S.&nbsp;Bhardwaj, S. J.&nbsp;Passi, A.&nbsp;Misra, K. K.&nbsp;Pant, K.&nbsp;Anwar, R. M.&nbsp;Pandey, and V.&nbsp;Kardam, «Effect of Heating/Reheating of Fats/Oils, as Used by Asian Indians, on Trans Fatty Acid Formation». <i>Food Chemistry</i> 212 (Dec. 2016): 663–670.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-135">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-135">135.</a> S. H.&nbsp;Ley, Q.&nbsp;Sun, W. C.&nbsp;Willett, et al., «Associations between Red Meat Intake and Biomarkers of Inflammation and Glucose Metabolism in Women». <i>American Journal of Clinical Nutrition</i> 99, no. 2 (2014): 352–360.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-136">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-136">136.</a> F.&nbsp;Alisson-Silva, K.&nbsp;Kawanishi, and A.&nbsp;Varki, «Human Risk of Diseases Associated with Red Meat Intake: Analysis of Current Theories and Proposed Role for Metabolic Incorporation of a Non-human Sialic Acid». <i>Molecular Aspects of Medicine</i> 51 (Oct. 2016): 16–30.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-137">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-137">137.</a> A. N.&nbsp;Samraj, O. M.&nbsp;Pearce, H.&nbsp;Läubli, A. N.&nbsp;Crittenden, A. K.&nbsp;Bergfeld, K.&nbsp;Banda, C. J.&nbsp;Gregg, A. E.&nbsp;Bingman, P.&nbsp;Secrest, S. L.&nbsp;Diaz, N. M.&nbsp;Varki, and A.&nbsp;Varki, «A Red Meat-derived Glycan Promotes Inflammation and Cancer Progression». <i>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America</i> 112, no. 2 (Jan. 2015): 542–547.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-138">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-138">138.</a> Samraj et al., «A Red Meat-derived Glycan Promotes Inflammation and Cancer Progression». 542–547.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-139">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-139">139.</a> F.&nbsp;Alisson-Silva, K.&nbsp;Kawanishi, and A.&nbsp;Varki, «Human Risk of Diseases Associated with Red Meat Intake: Analysis of Current Theories and Proposed Role for Metabolic Incorporation of a Non-human Sialic Acid». <i>Molecular Aspects of Medicine</i> 51 (Oct. 2016): 16–30.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-140">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-140">140.</a> B. A. ‘t Hart, «Why Does Multiple Sclerosis only Affect Human Primates?» <i>Multiple Sclerosis Journal</i> 22, no. 4 (Apr. 2016): 559–563.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-141">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-141">141.</a> P.&nbsp;Eleftheriou, S.&nbsp;Kynigopoulos, A.&nbsp;Giovou, A.&nbsp;Mazmanidi, J.&nbsp;Yovos, P.&nbsp;Skepastianos, E.&nbsp;Vagdatli, C.&nbsp;Petrou, D.&nbsp;Papara, and M.&nbsp;Efterpiou, «Prevalence of Anti-Neu5Gc Antibodies in Patients with Hypothyroidism». <i>BioMed Research International</i> 2014 (2014): 963230.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-142">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-142">142.</a> T.&nbsp;Norat, S.&nbsp;Bingham, P.&nbsp;Ferrari, et al., «Meat, Fish, and Colorectal Cancer Risk: The European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition». <i>Journal of the National Cancer Institute</i> 97 (2005): 906–916.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-143">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-143">143.</a> L. H.&nbsp;Kushi, C.&nbsp;Doyle, M.&nbsp;McCullough, C. L.&nbsp;Rock, W.&nbsp;DemarkWahnefried, E. V.&nbsp;Bandera, S.&nbsp;Gapstur, A. V.&nbsp;Patel, K.&nbsp;Andrews, and T.&nbsp;Gansler, «American Cancer Society Guidelines on Nutrition and Physical Activity for Cancer Prevention: Reducing the Risk of Cancer with Healthy Food Choices and Physical Activity». <i>CA: A Cancer Journal for Clinicians</i> 62, no. 1 (Jan.&nbsp;— Feb. 2012): 30–67.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-144">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-144">144.</a> R.&nbsp;Sinha, N.&nbsp;Rothman, C. P.&nbsp;Salmon, M. G.&nbsp;Knize, E. D.&nbsp;Brown, C. A.&nbsp;Swanson, D.&nbsp;Rhodes, S.&nbsp;Rossi, J. S.&nbsp;Felton, and O. A.&nbsp;Levander, «Heterocyclic Amine Content in Beef Cooked by Different Methods to Varying Degreesof Doneness and Gravy Madefrom Meat Drippings». <i>Food and Chemical Toxicology</i> 36, no. 4 (Apr. 1998): 279–287.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-145">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-145">145.</a> K.&nbsp;Puangsombat, W.&nbsp;Jirapakkul, and J. S.&nbsp;Smith, «Inhibitory Activity of Asian Spices on Heterocyclic Amines Formation in Cooked Beef Patties». <i>Journal of Food Science</i> 76, no. 8 (Oct. 2011): T174–180.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-146">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-146">146.</a> M.&nbsp;Gibis and J.&nbsp;Weiss, «Antioxidant Capacity and Inhibitory Effect of Grape Seed and Rosemary Extract in Marinades on the Formation of Heterocyclic Amines in Fried Beef Patties». <i>Food Chemistry</i> 134, no.&nbsp;2 (Sept. 2012): 766–774.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-147">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-147">147.</a> M.&nbsp;Gibis and J.&nbsp;Weiss, «Inhibitory Effect of Marinades with Hibiscus Extract on Formation of Heterocyclic Aromatic Amines and Sensory Quality of Fried Beef Patties». <i>Meat Science</i> 85, no. 4 (Aug. 2010): 735–742.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-148">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-148">148.</a> A.&nbsp;Nuora, V. S.&nbsp;Chiang, A. M.&nbsp;Milan, M.&nbsp;Tarvainen, S.&nbsp;Pundir, S. Y.&nbsp;Quek, G. C.&nbsp;Smith, J. F.&nbsp;Markworth, M.&nbsp;Ahotupa, D.&nbsp;CameronSmith, and K. M.&nbsp;Linderborg, «The Impact of Beef Steak Thermal Processing on Lipid Oxidation and Postprandial Inflammation related Responses». <i>Food Chemistry</i> 184 (Oct. 2015): 57–64.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-149">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-149">149.</a> J. de Vogel, D. S.&nbsp;Jonker-Termont, M. B.&nbsp;Katan, and R. van der Meer, «Natural Chlorophyll but Not Chlorophyllin Prevents Heme-induced Cytotoxic and Hyperproliferative Effects in Rat Colon». <i>Journal of Nutrition</i> 135, no. 8 (Aug. 2005): 1995–2000.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-150">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-150">150.</a> T.&nbsp;Norat, A.&nbsp;Lukanova, P.&nbsp;Ferrari, and E.&nbsp;Riboli, «Meat Consumption and Colorectal Cancer Risk: Dose-response Meta-analysis of Epidemiological Studies». <i>International Journal of Cancer</i> 98 (2002): 241–256.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-151">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-151">151.</a> J.&nbsp;Uribarri, W.&nbsp;Cai, M.&nbsp;Ramdas, S.&nbsp;Goodman, R.&nbsp;Pyzik, X.&nbsp;Chen, L.&nbsp;Zhu, G. E.&nbsp;Striker, and H.&nbsp;Vlassara, «Restriction of Advanced Glycation End Products Improves Insulin Resistance in Human Type 2 Diabetes: Potential Role of AGER1 and SIRT1». <i>Diabetes Care</i> 34 (2011): 1610–1616.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-152">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-152">152.</a> M.&nbsp;Negrean, A.&nbsp;Stirban, B.&nbsp;Stratmann, T.&nbsp;Gawlowski, T.&nbsp;Horstmann, C.&nbsp;Gotting, K.&nbsp;Kleesiek, M.&nbsp;Mueller-Roesel, T.&nbsp;Koschinsky, J.&nbsp;Uribarri, H.&nbsp;Vlassara, and D.&nbsp;Tschoepe, «Effects of Lowand High-advanced Glycation End Product Meals on Macroand Microvascular Endothelial Function and Oxidative Stress in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes mellitus». <i>American Journal of Clinical Nutrition</i> 85 (2007): 1236–1243.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-153">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-153">153.</a> G.&nbsp;Zhang, G.&nbsp;Huang, L.&nbsp;Xiao, and A. E.&nbsp;Mitchell, «Determination of Advanced Glycation End Products by LC–MS/MS in Raw and Roasted Almonds (<i>Prunus dulcis</i>)». <i>Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry</i> 59 <i>(</i>2011): 12037–12046.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-154">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-154">154.</a> J.&nbsp;Uribarri, S.&nbsp;Woodruff, S.&nbsp;Goodman, W.&nbsp;Cai, X.&nbsp;Chen, R.&nbsp;Pyzik, Yong, G. E.&nbsp;Striker, and H.&nbsp;Vlassara, «Advanced Glycation End Products in Foods and a Practical Guide to Their Reduction in the Diet». <i>Journal of the American Dietetic Association</i> 110 (2010): 911–916.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-155">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-155">155.</a> L.&nbsp;Pruimboom, C. L.&nbsp;Raison, and F. A.&nbsp;Muskiet, «Physical Activity Protects the Human Brain against Metabolic Stress Induced by a Postprandial and Chronic Inflammation». <i>Behavioural Neurology</i> 2015: 569869.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-156">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-156">156.</a> M. A.&nbsp;Faris, S.&nbsp;Kacimi, R. A.&nbsp;Al-Kurd, M. A.&nbsp;Fararjeh, Y. K.&nbsp;Bustanji, M. K.&nbsp;Mohammad, and M. L.&nbsp;Salem, «Intermittent Fasting during Ramadan Attenuates Proinflammatory Cytokines and Immune Cells in Healthy Subjects». <i>Nutrition Research</i> 32, no. 12 (Dec. 2012): 947–955.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-157">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-157">157.</a> T.&nbsp;Moro, G.&nbsp;Tinsley, A.&nbsp;Bianco, G.&nbsp;Marcolin, Q. F.&nbsp;Pacelli, G.&nbsp;Battaglia, Palma, P.&nbsp;Gentil, M.&nbsp;Neri, and A.&nbsp;Paoli, «Effects of Eight Weeks of Time-restricted Feeding (16/8) on Basal Metabolism, Maximal Strength, Body Composition, Inflammation, and Cardiovascular Risk Factors in Resistance-trained Males». <i>Journal of Translational Medicine</i> 14, no. 1 (Oct. 2016): 290.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-158">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-158">158.</a> J. L.&nbsp;Mauriz, P. S.&nbsp;Collado, C.&nbsp;Veneroso, R. J.&nbsp;Reiter, and J.&nbsp;GonzálezGallego, «A Review of the Molecular Aspects of Melatonin’s Antiinflammatory Actions: Recent Insights and New Perspectives». <i>Journal of Pineal Research</i> 54, no. 1 (2013): 1–14.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-159">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-159">159.</a> L.&nbsp;Fontana, «Neuroendocrine Factors in the Regulation of Inflammation: Excessive Adiposity and Calorie Restriction». <i>Experimental Gerontology</i> 44 (2009): 41–45.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-160">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-160">160.</a> S. D.&nbsp;Katewa, K.&nbsp;Akagi, N.&nbsp;Bose, K.&nbsp;Rakshit, T.&nbsp;Camarella, X.&nbsp;Zheng, D.&nbsp;Hall, S.&nbsp;Davis, C. S.&nbsp;Nelson, R. B.&nbsp;Brem, A.&nbsp;Ramanathan, A.&nbsp;Sehgal, J. M.&nbsp;Giebultowicz, and P.&nbsp;Kapahi, «Peripheral Circadian Clocks Mediate Dietary Restriction-Dependent Changes in Lifespan and Fat Metabolism in Drosophila». <i>Cell Metabolism</i> 23, no. 1 (Jan. 2016): 143–154.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-161">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-161">161.</a> F.&nbsp;Molica, S.&nbsp;Morel, B. R.&nbsp;Kwak, F.&nbsp;Rohner-Jeanrenaud, and S.&nbsp;Steffens, «Adipokines at the Crossroad between Obesity and Cardiovascular Disease». <i>Thrombosis and Haemostasis</i> 113, no. 3 (Mar. 2014): 553–566.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-162">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-162">162.</a> T.&nbsp;Karrasch and A.&nbsp;Schaeffler, «Adipokines and the Role of Visceral Adipose Tissue in Inflammatory Bowel Disease». <i>Annals of Gastroenterology</i> 29, no. 4 (Oct.&nbsp;— Dec. 2016): 424–438.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-163">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-163">163.</a> I.&nbsp;Schlecht, B.&nbsp;Fischer, G.&nbsp;Behrens, and M. F.&nbsp;Leitzmann, «Relations of Visceral and Abdominal Subcutaneous Adipose Tissue, Body Mass Index, and Waist Circumference to Serum Concentrations of Parameters of Chronic Inflammation». <i>Obesity Facts</i> 9, no. 3 (2016): 144–157.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-164">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-164">164.</a> A.&nbsp;Gummesson, L. M.&nbsp;Carlsson, L. H.&nbsp;Storlien, F.&nbsp;Bäckhed, P.&nbsp;Lundin, L.&nbsp;Löfgren, K.&nbsp;Stenlöf, Y. Y.&nbsp;Lam, B.&nbsp;Fagerberg, and B.&nbsp;Carlsson, «Intestinal Permeability Is Associated with Visceral Adiposity in Healthy Women». <i>Obesity</i> 19, no. 11 (Nov. 2011): 2280–2282.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-165">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-165">165.</a> G.&nbsp;Escobedo, E.&nbsp;López-Ortiz, and I.&nbsp;Torres-Castro, «Gut Microbiota as a Key Player in Triggering Obesity, Systemic Inflammation and Insulin Resistance». <i>Revista de Investigación Clínica</i> 66, no. 5 (Sept.&nbsp;— Oct. 2014): 450–459.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-166">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-166">166.</a> Karrasch et al., «Adipokines and the Role of Visceral Adipose Tissue in Inflammatory Bowel Disease». 424–438.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-167">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-167">167.</a> H.&nbsp;Li, C.&nbsp;Lelliott, P.&nbsp;Håkansson, et al., «Intestinal, Adipose, and Liver Inflammation in Diet-induced Obese Mice». <i>Metabolism: Clinical and Experimental</i> 57 <i>(</i>2008): 1704–1710.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-168">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-168">168.</a> M.&nbsp;Kawano, M.&nbsp;Miyoshi, A.&nbsp;Ogawa, F.&nbsp;Sakai, and Y.&nbsp;Kadooka, «<i>Lactobacillus gasseri</i> SBT2055 Inhibits Adipose Tissue Inflammation and Intestinal Permeability in Mice Fed a High-fat Diet». <i>Journal of Nutritional Science</i> 5 (2016): e23, doi: <a href="http://doi.org/10.1017/jns.2016.12">10.1017/­jns.2016.12</a>.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-169">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-169">169.</a> J. P.&nbsp;Després and I.&nbsp;Lemieux, «Abdominal Obesity and Metabolic Syndrome». <i>Nature</i> 444, no. 7121 (Dec. 2006): 881–887.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-170">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-170">170.</a> L. E.&nbsp;Gyllenhammer, M. J.&nbsp;Weigensberg, D.&nbsp;Spruijt-Metz, H.&nbsp;Allayee, M. I.&nbsp;Goran, and J. N.&nbsp;Davis, «Modifying Influence of Dietary Sugar in the Relationship between Cortisol and Visceral Adipose Tissue in Minority Youth». <i>Obesity</i> 22, no. 2 (2014): 474–481.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-171">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-171">171.</a> H. R.&nbsp;Hong, J. O.&nbsp;Jeong, J. Y.&nbsp;Kong, S. H.&nbsp;Lee, S. H.&nbsp;Yang, C. D.&nbsp;Ha, and H. S.&nbsp;Kang, «Effect of Walking Exercise on Abdominal Fat, Insulin Resistance and Serum Cytokines in Obese Women». <i>Journal of Exercise Nutrition &amp; Biochemistry</i> 18, no. 3 (Sept. 2014): 277–285.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-172">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-172">172.</a> R.&nbsp;Ross, R.&nbsp;Hudson, P. J.&nbsp;Stotz, and M.&nbsp;Lam, «Effects of Exercise Amount and Intensity on Abdominal Obesity and Glucose Tolerance in Obese Adults: A Randomized Trial». <i>Annals of Internal Medicine</i> 162, no. 5 (Mar. 2015): 325–334.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-173">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-173">173.</a> S. E.&nbsp;Keating, D. A.&nbsp;Hackett, H. M.&nbsp;Parker, H. T. O’Connor, J. A.&nbsp;Gerofi, A.&nbsp;Sainsbury, M. K.&nbsp;Baker, V. H.&nbsp;Chuter, I. D.&nbsp;Caterson, J.&nbsp;George, and N. A.&nbsp;Johnson, «Effect of Aerobic Exercise Training Dose on Liver Fat and Visceral Adiposity». <i>Journal of Hepatology</i> 63, no. 1 (Jul. 2015): 174–182.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-174">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-174">174.</a> G. R.&nbsp;Logan, N.&nbsp;Harris, S.&nbsp;Duncan, L. D.&nbsp;Plank, F.&nbsp;Merien, and G.&nbsp;Schofield, «Low-active Male Adolescents: A Dose Response to High-intensity Interval Training». <i>Medicine &amp; Science in Sports &amp; Exercise</i> 48, no.&nbsp;3 (Mar. 2016): 481–490.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-175">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-175">175.</a> K. E.&nbsp;Koopman, M. W.&nbsp;Caan, A. J.&nbsp;Nederveen, et al., «Hypercaloric Diets with Increased Meal Frequency, but not Meal Size, Increase Intrahepatic Triglycerides: A Randomized Controlled Trial». <i>Hepatology</i> 60, no. 2 (2014): 545–553.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-176">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-176">176.</a> M.&nbsp;Gleeson, N. C.&nbsp;Bishop, D. J.&nbsp;Stensel, et al., «The Anti-inflammatory Effects of Exercise: Mechanisms and Implications for the Prevention and Treatment of Disease». <i>Nature Reviews Immunology</i> 11 (2011): 607–615.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-177">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-177">177.</a> G. I.&nbsp;Lancaster and M. A.&nbsp;Febbraio, «The Immunomodulating Role of Exercise in Metabolic Disease». <i>Trends in Immunology</i> (2014): 262–269.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-178">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-178">178.</a> C.&nbsp;Kasapis and P. D.&nbsp;Thompson, «The Effects of Physical Activity on Serum C-reactive Protein and Inflammatory Markers: A Systematic Review». <i>Journal of the American College of Cardiology</i> 45 (2005): 1563–1569.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-179">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-179">179.</a> A.&nbsp;Masuda, M.&nbsp;Nakazato, T.&nbsp;Kihara, S.&nbsp;Minagoe, and C.&nbsp;Tei, «Repeated Thermal Therapy Diminishes Appetite Loss and Subjective Complaints in Mildly Depressed Patients». <i>Psychosomatic Medicine</i> 67, no.&nbsp;4 (Jul.&nbsp;— Aug. 2005): 643–647.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-180">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-180">180.</a> C. W.&nbsp;Janssen, C. A.&nbsp;Lowry, M. R.&nbsp;Mehl, J. J.&nbsp;Allen, K. L.&nbsp;Kelly, D. E.&nbsp;Gartner, A.&nbsp;Medrano, T. K.&nbsp;Begay, K.&nbsp;Rentscher, J. J.&nbsp;White, A.&nbsp;Fridman, L. J.&nbsp;Roberts, M. L.&nbsp;Robbins, K. U.&nbsp;Hanusch, S. P.&nbsp;Cole, and C. L.&nbsp;Raison, «Whole-body Hyperthermia for the Treatment of Major Depressive Disorder: A Randomized Clinical Trial». <i>JAMA Psychiatry</i> 73, no. 8 (Aug. 2016): 789–795.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-181">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-181">181.</a> M.&nbsp;Bauer, S.&nbsp;Berman, T.&nbsp;Stamm, M.&nbsp;Plotkin, M.&nbsp;Adli, M.&nbsp;Pilhatsch, E. D.&nbsp;London, G. S.&nbsp;Hellemann, P. C.&nbsp;Whybrow, and F.&nbsp;Schlagenhauf, «Levothyroxine Effects on Depressive Symptoms and Limbic Glucose Metabolism in Bipolar Disorder: A Randomized, Placebocontrolled Positron Emission Tomography Study». <i>Molecular Psychiatry</i> 21, no.&nbsp;2 (Feb. 2016): 229–236.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-182">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-182">182.</a> M.&nbsp;Krause, M. S.&nbsp;Ludwig, T. G.&nbsp;Heck, and H. K.&nbsp;Takahashi, «Heat Shock Proteins and Heat Therapy for Type 2 Diabetes: Pros and Cons». <i>Current Opinion in Clinical Nutrition and Metabolic Care</i> 18, no. 4 (Jul. 2015): 374–380.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-183">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-183">183.</a> T.&nbsp;Laukkanen, S.&nbsp;Kunutsor, J.&nbsp;Kauhanen, and J. A.&nbsp;Laukkanen, «Sauna Bathing is Inversely Associated with Dementia and Alzheimer’s Disease in Middle-aged Finnish Men». <i>Age and Ageing</i> 1, no. 5 (Dec. 2016) (<i>epub ahead of print</i>) doi: <a href="http://doi.org/10.1093/ageing/afw212">10.1093/­ageing/­afw212</a>.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-184">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-184">184.</a> P.&nbsp;Cassano, S. R.&nbsp;Petrie, M. R.&nbsp;Hamblin, T. A.&nbsp;Henderson, and D. V.&nbsp;Iosifescu, «Review of Transcranial Photobiomodulation for Major Depressive Disorder: Targeting Brain Metabolism, Inflammation, Oxidative Stress, and Neurogenesis». <i>Neurophotonics</i> 3, no. 3 (Jul. 2016): 031404.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-185">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-185">185.</a> L.&nbsp;Detaboada et al., «Transcranial Application of Low-energy Laser Irradiation Improves Neurological Deficits in Rats Following Acute Stroke». <i>Lasers in Surgery and Medicine</i> 38, no. 1 (2006): 70–73.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-186">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-186">186.</a> H.&nbsp;Araki et al., «Reduction of Interleukin-6 Expression in Human Synoviocytes and Rheumatoid Arthritis Rat Joints by Linear Polarized Near Infrared Light (Superlizer) Irradiation». <i>Laser Therapy</i> 20, no.&nbsp;4 (2011): 293.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-187">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-187">187.</a> M.&nbsp;Yamaura et al., «Low Level Light Effects on Inflammatory Cytokine Production by Rheumatoid Arthritis Synoviocytes». <i>Lasers in Surgery and Medicine</i> 41, no. 4 (2009): 282–290.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-188">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-188">188.</a> J.&nbsp;Khuman et al., «Low-level Laser Light Therapy Improves Cognitive Deficits and Inhibits Microglial Activation after Controlled Cortical Impact in Mice». <i>Journal of Neurotrauma</i> 29, no. 2 (2012): 408–417.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-189">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-189">189.</a> J. C.&nbsp;Rojas, A. K.&nbsp;Bruchey, and F.&nbsp;Gonzalez-Lima, «Low-level Light Therapy Improves Cortical Metabolic Capacity and Memory Retention». <i>Journal of Alzheimer’s Disease</i> 32, no. 3 (2012): 741–752.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-190">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-190">190.</a> D.&nbsp;Barrett and F.&nbsp;Gonzalez-Lima, «Transcranial Infrared Laser Stimulation Produces Beneficial Cognitive and Emotional Effects in Humans». <i>Neuroscience</i> 230 (2013): 13–23.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-191">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-191">191.</a> X.&nbsp;Qin and E. A.&nbsp;Deitch, «Dissolution of Lipids from Mucus: A Possible Mechanism for Prompt Disruption of Gut Barrier Function by Alcohol». <i>Toxicology Letters</i> 232, no. 2 (Jan. 2015): 356–362.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng6-192">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g6.xhtml#ng6-192">192.</a> J.&nbsp;Connor, «Alcohol Consumption as a Cause of Cancer». <i>Addiction</i> 112, no. 2 (Feb. 2017): 222–228.</p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
