<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Без стресса</title>
  <link href="../Styles/idGeneratedStyles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body>
  <h4 class="_Head61 sigil_not_in_toc">ГЛАВА&nbsp;7</h4>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-1">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-1">1.</a> R.&nbsp;Nirupama, M.&nbsp;Devaki, and H. N.&nbsp;Yajurvedi, «Chronic Stress and Carbohydrate Metabolism: Persistent Changes and Slow Return to Normalcy in Male Albino Rats». <i>Stress</i> 15, no. 3 (May 2012): 262–271.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-2">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-2">2.</a> S.&nbsp;Garbarino and N.&nbsp;Magnavita, «Work Stress and Metabolic Syndrome in Police Officers. A Prospective Study». ed. V.&nbsp;Grolmusz, <i>PLoS ONE10</i>, no. 12 (2015): e0144318.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-3">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-3">3.</a> A.&nbsp;Hino, A.&nbsp;Inoue, K.&nbsp;Mafune, T.&nbsp;Nakagawa, T.&nbsp;Hayashi, and H.&nbsp;Hiro, «Changes in the Psychosocial Work Characteristics and Insulin Resistance among Japanese Male Workers: A Three-year Follow-up Study». <i>Journal of Occupational Health</i> 58, no. 6 (Nov. 2016): 543–562.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-4">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-4">4.</a> B.&nbsp;Schmidt, J. A.&nbsp;Bosch, M. N.&nbsp;Jarczok, R. M.&nbsp;Herr, A.&nbsp;Loerbroks, E.&nbsp;van Vianen, and J. E.&nbsp;Fischer, «Effort-reward Imbalance Is Associated with the Metabolic Syndrome&nbsp;— Findings from the Mannheim Industrial Cohort Study (MICS)». <i>International Journal of Cardiology</i> 178 (Jan. 2015): 24–28.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-5">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-5">5.</a> T.&nbsp;Almadi, I.&nbsp;Cathers, and C. M.&nbsp;Chow, «Associations among Workrelated Stress, Cortisol, Inflammation, and Metabolic Syndrome». <i>Psychophysiology</i> 50, no. 9 (Sept. 2013): 821–830.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-6">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-6">6.</a> V. K.&nbsp;Tsenkova, D.&nbsp;Carr, C. L.&nbsp;Coe, and C. D.&nbsp;Ryff, «Anger, Adiposity, and Glucose Control in Nondiabetic Adults: Findings from Midus II». <i>Journal of Behavioral Medicine</i> 37, no. 1 (2014): 37–46.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-7">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-7">7.</a> K.&nbsp;Räikkönen, L.&nbsp;Keltikangas-Järvinen, and A.&nbsp;Hautanen, «The Role of Psychological Coronary Risk Factors in Insulin and Glucose Metabolism». <i>Journal of Psychosomatic Research</i> 38, no. 7 (Oct. 1994): 705–713.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-8">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-8">8.</a> S. H.&nbsp;Boyle, A.&nbsp;Georgiades, B. H.&nbsp;Brummett, et al., «Associations between Central Nervous System Serotonin, Fasting Glucose and Hostility in African American Females». <i>Annals of Behavioral Medicine: A Publication of the Society of Behavioral Medicine</i> 49, no. 1 (2015): 49–57.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-9">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-9">9.</a> A.&nbsp;Quincozes-Santos, L. D.&nbsp;Bobermin, A. M. de Assis, C. A.&nbsp;Gonçalves, and D. O.&nbsp;Souza, «Fluctuations in Glucose Levels Induce Glial Toxicity with Glutamatergic, Oxidative and Inflammatory Implications». <i>Biochimica et Biophysica Acta</i> 1863, no. 1 (Jan. 2017): 1–14.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-10">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-10">10.</a> D. E.&nbsp;Rivera-Aponte, M. P.&nbsp;Méndez-González, A. F.&nbsp;Rivera-Pagán, Y. V.&nbsp;Kucheryavykh, L. Y.&nbsp;Kucheryavykh, S. N.&nbsp;Skatchkov, and M. J.&nbsp;Eaton, «Hyperglycemia Reduces Functional Expression of Astrocytic Kir4.1 channels and Glial Glutamate Uptake». <i>Neuroscience</i> 310 (Dec. 2015): 216–223.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-11">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-11">11.</a> When one brain cell passes a message to another and wants the recipient to become activated or «excited». it sends it the chemical messenger <b>glutamate</b>. Glutamate will keep exciting the recipient brain until it is cleared away. If it is not cleared away, the brain cell can die of too much excitation or «excitotoxicity.» Elevated blood sugar, at levels comparable to those seen in the setting of insulin resistance and diabetes, can interfere with the clearing away of glutamate.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-12">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-12">12.</a> G. B.&nbsp;Stefano, S.&nbsp;Challenger, and R. M.&nbsp;Kream, «Hyperglycemiaassociated Alterations in Cellular Signaling and Dysregulated Mitochondrial Bioenergetics in Human Metabolic Disorders». <i>European Journal of Nutrition</i> 55, no. 8 (Dec. 2016): 2339–2345.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-13">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-13">13.</a> W.&nbsp;Cai, J.&nbsp;Uribarri, L.&nbsp;Zhu, X.&nbsp;Chen, S.&nbsp;Swamy, Z.&nbsp;Zhao, F.&nbsp;Grosjean, C.&nbsp;Simonaro, G. A.&nbsp;Kuchel, M.&nbsp;Schnaider-Beeri, M.&nbsp;Woodward, G. E.&nbsp;Striker, and H.&nbsp;Vlassara, «Oral Glycotoxins Are a Modifiable Cause of Dementia and the Metabolic Syndrome in Mice and Humans». <i>Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America</i> 111, no. 13 (Apr. 2014): 4940–4945.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-14">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-14">14.</a> K. A.&nbsp;Page, A.&nbsp;Williamson, N.&nbsp;Yu, E. C.&nbsp;McNay, J.&nbsp;Dzuira, R. J.&nbsp;McCrimmon, and R. S.&nbsp;Sherwin, «Medium-chain Fatty Acids Improve Cognitive Function in Intensively Treated Type 1 Diabetic Patients and Support in Vitro Synaptic Transmission during Acute Hypoglycemia». <i>Diabetes</i> 58, no. 5 (May 2009): 1237–1244.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-15">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-15">15.</a> E.&nbsp;Bullmore and O.&nbsp;Sporns, «The Economy of Brain Network Organization.» <i>Nature Reviews Neuroscience</i> 13 (2012): 336–349.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-16">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-16">16.</a> K.&nbsp;Ishibashi, K.&nbsp;Wagatsuma, K.&nbsp;Ishiwata, and K.&nbsp;Ishii, «Alteration of the Regional Cerebral Glucose Metabolism in Healthy Subjects by Glucose Loading». <i>Human Brain Mapping</i> 37, no. 8 (Aug. 2016): 2823–2832.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-17">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-17">17.</a> M.&nbsp;Brendel, V.&nbsp;Reinisch, E.&nbsp;Kalinowski, J.&nbsp;Levin, A.&nbsp;Delker, S.&nbsp;Därr, O.&nbsp;Pogarell, S.&nbsp;Förster, P.&nbsp;Bartenstein, and A.&nbsp;Rominger, «Hypometabolism in Brain of Cognitively Normal Patients with Depressive Symptoms is Accompanied by Atrophy-Related Partial Volume Effects». <i>Current Alzheimer Research</i> 13, no. 5 (2016): 475–486.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-18">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-18">18.</a> C. M.&nbsp;Marano, C. I.&nbsp;Workman, C. H.&nbsp;Lyman, E.&nbsp;Kramer, C. R.&nbsp;Hermann, Y.&nbsp;Ma, V.&nbsp;Dhawan, T.&nbsp;Chaly, D.&nbsp;Eidelberg, and G. S.&nbsp;Smith, «The Relationship between Fasting Serum Glucose and Cerebral Glucose Metabolism in Late-life Depression and Normal Aging». <i>Psychiatry Research</i> 222, nos. 1–2 (Apr. 2014): 84–90.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-19">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-19">19.</a> C. A.&nbsp;Castellano, J. P.&nbsp;Baillargeon, S.&nbsp;Nugent, S.&nbsp;Tremblay, M.&nbsp;Fortier, H.&nbsp;Imbeault, J.&nbsp;Duval, and S. C.&nbsp;Cunnane, «Regional Brain Glucose Hypometabolism in Young Women with Polycystic Ovary Syndrome: Possible Link to Mild Insulin Resistance». <i>PLoS ONE10</i>, no. 12 (Dec. 2015): e0144116.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-20">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-20">20.</a> M.&nbsp;Moosavi, N.&nbsp;Naghdi, N.&nbsp;Maghsoudi, and A. S.&nbsp;Zahedi, «The Effect of Intrahippocampal Insulin Microinjection on Spatial Learning and Memory». <i>Hormones and Behavior</i> 50 (2006): 748–752.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-21">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-21">21.</a> D. R.&nbsp;Marks, K.&nbsp;Tucker, M. A.&nbsp;Cavallin, T. G.&nbsp;Mast, and D. A.&nbsp;Fadool, «Awake Intranasal Insulin Delivery Modifies Protein Complexes and Alters Memory, Anxiety, and Olfactory Behaviors». <i>Journal of Neuroscience</i> 29 (2009): 6734–6751.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-22">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-22">22.</a> C.&nbsp;Benedict, M.&nbsp;Hallschmid, K.&nbsp;Schmitz, B.&nbsp;Schultes, F.&nbsp;Ratter, H. L.&nbsp;Fehm, J.&nbsp;Born, and W.&nbsp;Kern, «Intranasal Insulin Improves Memory in Humans: Superiority of Insulin Aspart». <i>Neuropsychopharmacology</i> 32 (2007): 239–243.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-23">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-23">23.</a> D.&nbsp;Jakubowicz, J.&nbsp;Wainstein, B.&nbsp;Ahrén, Y.&nbsp;Bar-Dayan, Z.&nbsp;Landau, H. R.&nbsp;Rabinovitz, and O.&nbsp;Froy, «High-energy Breakfast with Lowenergy Dinner Decreases Overall Daily Hyperglycaemia in Type 2 Diabetic Patients: A Randomised Clinical Trial». <i>Diabetologia</i> 58, no. 5 (May 2015): 912–919.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-24">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-24">24.</a> D.&nbsp;Jakubowicz, J.&nbsp;Wainstein, B.&nbsp;Ahrén, Z.&nbsp;Landau, Y.&nbsp;Bar-Dayan, and O.&nbsp;Froy, «Fasting until Noon Triggers Increased Postprandial Hyperglycemia and Impaired Insulin Response after Lunch and Dinner in Individuals with Type 2 Diabetes: A Randomized Clinical Trial». <i>Diabetes Care</i> 38, no. 10 (Oct. 2015): 1820–1826.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-25">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-25">25.</a> T. Remer and F.&nbsp;Manz, «Potential Renal Acid Load of Foods and Its Influence on Urine pH». <i>Journal of the American Dietetic Association</i> 95, no. 7 (Jul. 1995): 791–797.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-26">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-26">26.</a> R. S.&nbsp;Williams, L. K.&nbsp;Heilbronn, D. L.&nbsp;Chen, A. C.&nbsp;Coster, J. R.&nbsp;Greenfield, and D.&nbsp;Samocha-Bonet, «Dietary Acid Load, Metabolic Acidosis and Insulin Resistance&nbsp;— Lessons from Cross-sectional and Overfeeding Studies in Humans». <i>Clinical Nutrition</i> 35, no. 5 (Oct. 2016): 1084–1090.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-27">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-27">27.</a> J.&nbsp;Koska, M. K.&nbsp;Ozias, J.&nbsp;Deer, J.&nbsp;Kurtz, A. D.&nbsp;Salbe, S. M.&nbsp;Harman, and P. D.&nbsp;Reaven, «A Human Model of Dietary Saturated Fatty Acid Induced Insulin Resistance». <i>Metabolism</i> 65, no. 11 (Nov. 2016): 1621–1628.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-28">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-28">28.</a> P.&nbsp;Kiilerich, L. S.&nbsp;Myrmel, E.&nbsp;Fjære, Q.&nbsp;Hao, F.&nbsp;Hugenholtz, S. B.&nbsp;Sonne, M.&nbsp;Derrien, L. M.&nbsp;Pedersen, R. K.&nbsp;Petersen, A.&nbsp;Mortensen, T. R.&nbsp;Licht, M. U.&nbsp;Rømer, U. B.&nbsp;Vogel, L. J.&nbsp;Waagbø, N.&nbsp;Giallourou, Q.&nbsp;Feng, L.&nbsp;Xiao, C.&nbsp;Liu, B.&nbsp;Liaset, M.&nbsp;Kleerebezem, J.&nbsp;Wang, L.&nbsp;Madsen, and K.&nbsp;Kristiansen, «Effect of a Long-term High-protein Diet on Survival, Obesity Development, and Gut Microbiota in Mice». <i>American Journal of Physiology&nbsp;— Endocrinology and Metabolism</i> 310, no. 11 (Jun. 2016): E886–899.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-29">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-29">29.</a> L. K.&nbsp;Stenman, R.&nbsp;Holma, A.&nbsp;Eggert, and R.&nbsp;Korpela, «A Novel Mechanism for Gut Barrier Dysfunction by Dietary Fat: Epithelial Disruption by Hydrophobic Bile Acids». <i>American Journal of Physiology:&nbsp;Gastrointestinal and Liver Physiology</i> 304, no. 3 (Feb. 2013): G227–234.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-30">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-30">30.</a> V.&nbsp;Costarelli and T. A.&nbsp;Sanders, «Acute Effects of Dietary Fat Composition on Postprandial Plasma Bile Acid and Cholecystokinin Concentrations in Healthy Premenopausal Women». <i>British Journal of Nutrition</i> 86, no. 4 (Oct. 2001): 471–477.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-31">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-31">31.</a> C.&nbsp;Ferreira-Pêgo, N.&nbsp;Babio, M.&nbsp;Bes-Rastrollo, D.&nbsp;Corella, R.&nbsp;Estruch, E.&nbsp;Ros, M.&nbsp;Fitó, L.&nbsp;Serra-Majem, F.&nbsp;Arós, M.&nbsp;Fiol, J. M.&nbsp;Santos-Lozano, C.&nbsp;Muñoz-Bravo, X.&nbsp;Pintó, M.&nbsp;Ruiz-Canela, and J.&nbsp;Salas-Salvadó, «Frequent Consumption of Sugarand Artificially Sweetened Beverages and Natural and Bottled Fruit Juices Is Associated with an Increased Risk of Metabolic Syndrome in a Mediterranean Population at High Cardiovascular Disease Risk». <i>Journal of Nutrition</i> 146, no. 8 (Aug. 2016): 1528–1536.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-32">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-32">32.</a> M. S.&nbsp;Kim, S. A.&nbsp;Krawczyk, L.&nbsp;Doridot, A. J.&nbsp;Fowler, J. X.&nbsp;Wang, S. A.&nbsp;Trauger, H. L.&nbsp;Noh, H. J.&nbsp;Kang, J. K.&nbsp;Meissen, M.&nbsp;Blatnik, J. K.&nbsp;Kim, M.&nbsp;Lai, and M. A.&nbsp;Herman, «ChREBP Regulates Fructoseinduced Glucose Production Independently of Insulin Signaling». <i>Journal of Clinical Investigation</i> 126, no. 11 (Sept. 2016): 4372–4386.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-33">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-33">33.</a> S. E. la Fleur, M. C.&nbsp;Luijendijk, A. J. van Rozen, A.&nbsp;Kalsbeek, and R.&nbsp;Adan, «A Free-choice High-fat High-sugar Diet Induces Glucose Intolerance and Insulin Unresponsiveness to a Glucose Load Not Explained by Obesity». <i>International Journal of Obesity</i> 35, no. 4 (Apr. 2011): 595–604.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-34">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-34">34.</a> S.&nbsp;Lindeberg, M.&nbsp;Eliasson, B.&nbsp;Lindahl, and B.&nbsp;Ahrén, «Low Serum Insulin in Traditional Pacific Islanders&nbsp;— the Kitava Study». <i>Metabolism</i> 48, no. 10 (Oct. 1999): 1216–1219.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-35">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-35">35.</a> S.&nbsp;Geng, W.&nbsp;Zhu, C.&nbsp;Xie, X.&nbsp;Li, J.&nbsp;Wu, Z.&nbsp;Liang, W.&nbsp;Xie, J.&nbsp;Zhu, Huang, M.&nbsp;Zhu, R.&nbsp;Wu, and C.&nbsp;Zhong, «Medium-chain Triglyceride Ameliorates Insulin Resistance and Inflammation in High Fat Diet-induced Obese Mice». <i>European Journal of Nutrition</i> 55, no. 3 (Apr. 2016): 931–940.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-36">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-36">36.</a> M.&nbsp;Sakurai, K.&nbsp;Nakamura, K.&nbsp;Miura, T.&nbsp;Takamura, K.&nbsp;Yoshita, S. Y.&nbsp;Nagasawa, Y.&nbsp;Morikawa, M.&nbsp;Ishizaki, T.&nbsp;Kido, Y.&nbsp;Naruse, M.&nbsp;Nakashima, K.&nbsp;Nogawa, Y.&nbsp;Suwazono, S.&nbsp;Sasaki, and H.&nbsp;Nakagawa, «Dietary Carbohydrate Intake, Presence of Obesity and the Incident Risk of Type 2 Diabetes in Japanese Men». <i>Journal of Diabetes Investigation</i> 7, no.&nbsp;3 (May 2016): 343–351.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-37">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-37">37.</a> P. J.&nbsp;Lin and K. T.&nbsp;Borer, «Third Exposure to a Reduced Carbohydrate Meal Lowers Evening Postprandial Insulin and GIP Responses and HOMA-IR Estimate of Insulin Resistance». <i>PLoS ONE11</i>, no. 10 (Oct. 2016): e0165378.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-38">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-38">38.</a> R.&nbsp;Salvia, S. D’Amore, G.&nbsp;Graziano, C.&nbsp;Capobianco, M.&nbsp;Sangineto, Paparella, P. de Bonfils, G.&nbsp;Palasciano, and M.&nbsp;Vacca, «Shortterm Benefits of an Unrestricted-calorie Traditional Mediterranean Diet, Modified with a Reduced Consumption of Carbohydrates at Evening, in Overweight-obese Patients». <i>International Journal of Food Sciences and Nutrition</i> 68, no. 2 (Mar. 2017): 234–248.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-39">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-39">39.</a> C.&nbsp;Eelderink, M. W.&nbsp;Noort, N.&nbsp;Sozer, M.&nbsp;Koehorst, J. J.&nbsp;Holst, C. F.&nbsp;Deacon, J. F.&nbsp;Rehfeld, K.&nbsp;Poutanen, R. J.&nbsp;Vonk, L.&nbsp;Oudhuis, and M. G.&nbsp;Priebe, «The Structure of Wheat Bread Influences the Postprandial Metabolic Response in Healthy Men». <i>Food &amp; Function</i> 6, no. 10 (Oct. 2015): 3236–3248.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-40">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-40">40.</a> K. S.&nbsp;Juntunen, D. E.&nbsp;Laaksonen, K.&nbsp;Autio, L. K.&nbsp;Niskanen, J. J.&nbsp;Holst, K. E.&nbsp;Savolainen, K. H.&nbsp;Liukkonen, K. S.&nbsp;Poutanen, and H. M.&nbsp;Mykkänen, «Structural Differences between Rye and Wheat Breads but Not Total Fiber Content May Explain the Lower Postprandial Insulin Response to Rye Bread». <i>American Journal of Clinical Nutrition</i> 78, no. 5 (Nov. 2003): 957–964.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-41">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-41">41.</a> S.&nbsp;Sonia, F.&nbsp;Witjaksono, and R.&nbsp;Ridwan, «Effect of Cooling of Cooked White Rice on Resistant Starch Content and Glycemic Response». <i>Asia Pacific Journal of Clinical Nutrition</i> 24, no. 4 (2015): 620–625.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-42">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-42">42.</a> Joint WHO/FAO/UNU Expert Consultation, «Protein and Amino Acid Requirements in Human Nutrition». <i>World Health Organ Technical Report Series</i> 935 (2007): 1–265, back cover.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-43">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-43">43.</a> I.&nbsp;Sluijs, J. W.&nbsp;Beulens, D. L. van der A, A. M.&nbsp;Spijkerman, D. E.&nbsp;Grobbee, and Y. T. van der Schouw, «Dietary Intake of Total, Animal, and Vegetable Protein and Risk of Type 2 Diabetes in the European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition (EPIC)-NL Study». <i>Diabetes Care</i> 33, no. 1 (Jan. 2010): 43–48.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-44">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-44">44.</a> J.&nbsp;Matta, N.&nbsp;Mayo, I. J.&nbsp;Dionne, P.&nbsp;Gaudreau, T.&nbsp;Fulop, D.&nbsp;Tessier, K.&nbsp;Gray-Donald, B.&nbsp;Shatenstein, and J. A.&nbsp;Morais, «Muscle Mass Index and Animal Source of Dietary Protein Are Positively Associated with Insulin Resistance in Participants of the NuAge Study». <i>Journal of Nutrition Health &amp; Aging</i> 20, no. 2 (Feb. 2016): 90–97.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-45">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-45">45.</a> G. I.&nbsp;Smith, J.&nbsp;Yoshino, K. L.&nbsp;Stromsdorfer, S. J.&nbsp;Klein, F.&nbsp;Magkos, D. N.&nbsp;Reeds, S.&nbsp;Klein, and B.&nbsp;Mittendorfer, «Protein Ingestion Induces Muscle Insulin Resistance Independent of Leucine-Mediated mTOR Activation». <i>Diabetes</i> 64, no. 5 (May 2015): 1555–1563.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-46">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-46">46.</a> G. I.&nbsp;Smith, J.&nbsp;Yoshino, S. C.&nbsp;Kelly, D. N.&nbsp;Reeds, A.&nbsp;Okunade, B. W.&nbsp;Patterson, S.&nbsp;Klein, and B.&nbsp;Mittendorfer, «High-protein Intake during Weight Loss Therapy Eliminates the Weight-loss-induced Improvement in Insulin Action in Obese Postmenopausal Women». <i>Cell Reports</i> 17, no. 3 (Oct. 2016): 849–861.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-47">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-47">47.</a> D.&nbsp;Aune, G.&nbsp;Ursin, and M. B.&nbsp;Veierød, «Meat Consumption and the Risk of Type 2 Diabetes: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Cohort Studies». <i>Diabetologia</i> 52, no. 11 (Nov. 2009): 2277–2287, doi: <a href="http://doi.org/10.1007/s00125-009-1481-x">10.1007/­s00125-009-1481-x</a>.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-48">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-48">48.</a> N.&nbsp;Benaicheta, F. Z.&nbsp;Labbaci, M.&nbsp;Bouchenak, and F. O.&nbsp;Boukortt, «Effect of Sardine Proteins on Hyperglycaemia, Hyperlipidaemia and Lecithin: Cholesterol Acyltransferase Activity, in High-Fat DietInduced Type 2 Diabetic Rats». <i>British Journal of Nutrition</i> 115, no. 1 (Jan. 2016): 6–13.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-49">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-49">49.</a> M. S.&nbsp;Ottum and A. M.&nbsp;Mistry, «Advanced Glycation End-products: Modifiable Environmental Factors Profoundly Mediate Insulin Resistance». <i>Journal of Clinical Biochemistry and Nutrition</i> 57, no. 1 (Jul. 2015): 1–12.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-50">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-50">50.</a> A.&nbsp;Taniguchi-Fukatsu, H.&nbsp;Yamanaka-Okumura, Y.&nbsp;Naniwa-Kuroki, Y.&nbsp;Nishida, H.&nbsp;Yamamoto, Y.&nbsp;Taketani, and E.&nbsp;Takeda, «Natto and Viscous Vegetables in a Japanese-style Breakfast Improved Insulin Sensitivity, Lipid Metabolism and Oxidative Stress in Overweight Subjects with Impaired Glucose Tolerance». <i>British Journal of Nutrition</i> 107, no. 8 (Apr. 2012): 1184–1191.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-51">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-51">51.</a> P.&nbsp;Ebeling, H.&nbsp;Yki-Järvinen, A.&nbsp;Aro, et al., «Glucose and Lipid Metabolism and Insulin Sensitivity in Type 1 Diabetes: The Effect of Guar Gum». <i>American Journal of Clinical Nutrition</i> 48, no. 1 (1988): 98–103.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-52">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-52">52.</a> C. A.&nbsp;Clark, J.&nbsp;Gardiner, M. I.&nbsp;McBurney, S.&nbsp;Anderson, L. J.&nbsp;Weatherspoon, D. N.&nbsp;Henry, and N. G.&nbsp;Hord, «Effects of Breakfast Meal Composition on Second Meal Metabolic Responses in Adults with Type 2 Diabetes mellitus». <i>European Journal of Clinical Nutrition</i> 60, no. 9 (Sept. 2006): 1122–1129.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-53">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-53">53.</a> M.&nbsp;Drehmer, M. A.&nbsp;Pereira, M. I.&nbsp;Schmidt, B.&nbsp;Del Carmen, M.&nbsp;Molina, S.&nbsp;Alvim, P. A.&nbsp;Lotufo, and B. B.&nbsp;Duncan, «Associations of Dairy Intake with Glycemia and Insulinemia, Independent of Obesity, in Brazilian Adults: The Brazilian Longitudinal Study of Adult Health (ELSA-Brasil)». <i>American Journal of Clinical Nutrition</i> 101, no. 4 (Apr. 2015): 775–782.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-54">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-54">54.</a> M.&nbsp;Chen, Q.&nbsp;Sun, E.&nbsp;Giovannucci, D.&nbsp;Mozaffarian, J. E.&nbsp;Manson, W. C.&nbsp;Willett, and F. B.&nbsp;Hu, «Dairy Consumption and Risk of Type 2 Diabetes: 3 Cohorts of US Adults and an Updated Meta-analysis». <i>BMC Medicine</i> 12 (Nov. 2014): 215.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-55">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-55">55.</a> C. J.&nbsp;Hulston, A. A.&nbsp;Churnside, and M. C.&nbsp;Venables, «Probiotic Supplementation Prevents High-fat, Overfeeding-induced Insulin Resistance in Human Subjects». <i>British Journal of Nutrition</i> 113, no. 4 (Feb. 2015): 596–602.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-56">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-56">56.</a> Mohamadshahi et al., «Effects of Probiotic Yogurt Consumption on Inflammatory Biomarkers in Patients with Type 2 Diabetes». 83–88.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-57">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-57">57.</a> J.&nbsp;Dolpady, C.&nbsp;Sorini, C.&nbsp;Di Pietro, I.&nbsp;Cosorich, R.&nbsp;Ferrarese, D.&nbsp;Saita, M.&nbsp;Clementi, F.&nbsp;Canducci, and M.&nbsp;Falcone, «Oral Probiotic VSL#3 Prevents Autoimmune Diabetes by Modulating Microbiota and Promoting Indoleamine 2,3-Dioxygenase-Enriched Tolerogenic Intestinal Environment». <i>Journal of Diabetes Research</i> 2016 (2016): 7569431.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-58">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-58">58.</a> Z.&nbsp;Ghorbani, A.&nbsp;Hekmatdoost, and P.&nbsp;Mirmiran, «Anti-hyperglycemic and Insulin Sensitizer Effects of Turmeric and Its Principle [<i>sic</i>] Constituent Curcumin». <i>International Journal of Endocrinology and Metabolism</i> 12, no. 4 (Oct. 2014): e18081.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-59">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-59">59.</a> C. K.&nbsp;Atal, R. K.&nbsp;Dubey, and J.&nbsp;Singh, «Biochemical Basis of Enhanced Drug Bioavailability by Piperine: Evidence That Piperine Is a Potent Inhibitor of Drug Metabolism». <i>Journal of Pharmacology and Experimental Therapeutics</i> 232, no. 1 (Jan. 1985): 258–262.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-60">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-60">60.</a> G.&nbsp;Shoba, D.&nbsp;Joy, T.&nbsp;Joseph, M.&nbsp;Majeed, R.&nbsp;Rajendran, and P. S.&nbsp;Srinivas, «Influence of Piperine on the Pharmacokinetics of Curcumin in Animals and Human Volunteers». <i>Planta Medica</i> 64, no. 4 (May 1998): 353–356.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-61">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-61">61.</a> P.&nbsp;Anand, A. B.&nbsp;Kunnumakkara, R. A.&nbsp;Newman, and B. B.&nbsp;Aggarwal, «Bioavailability of Curcumin: Problems and Promises». <i>Molecular Pharmaceutics</i> 4, no. 6 (2007): 807–818.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-62">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-62">62.</a> S.&nbsp;Prasad, A. K.&nbsp;Tyagi, and B. B.&nbsp;Aggarwal, «Recent Developments in Delivery, Bioavailability, Absorption and Metabolism of Curcumin: The Golden Pigment from Golden Spice». <i>Cancer Research and Treatment: Official Journal of Korean Cancer Association</i> 46, no. 1 (2014): 2–18.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-63">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-63">63.</a> A. S.&nbsp;Sahib, «Anti-diabetic and Antioxidant Effect of Cinnamon in Poorly Controlled Type-2 Diabetic Iraqi Patients: A Randomized, Placebo-controlled Clinical Trial». <i>Journal of Intercultural Ethnopharmacology</i> 5, no. 2 (Feb. 2016): 108–113.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-64">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-64">64.</a> J.&nbsp;Hlebowicz, A.&nbsp;Hlebowicz, S.&nbsp;Lindstedt, O.&nbsp;Björgell, P.&nbsp;Höglund, J. J.&nbsp;Holst, G.&nbsp;Darwiche, and L. O.&nbsp;Almér, «Effects of 1 and 3 g Cinnamon on Gastric Emptying, Satiety, and Postprandial Blood Glucose, Insulin, Glucose-dependent Insulinotropic Polypeptide, Glucagon-like Peptide 1, and Ghrelin Concentrations in Healthy Subjects». <i>American Journal of Clinical Nutrition</i> 89, no. 3 (Mar. 2009): 815–821.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-65">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-65">65.</a> N.&nbsp;Veronese, S. F.&nbsp;Watutantrige, C.&nbsp;Luchini, M.&nbsp;Solmi, G.&nbsp;Sartore, G.&nbsp;Sergi, E.&nbsp;Manzato, M.&nbsp;Barbagallo, S.&nbsp;Maggi, and B.&nbsp;Stubbs, «Effect of Magnesium Supplementation on Glucose Metabolism in People with or at Risk of Diabetes: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis of Double-blind Randomized Controlled Trials». <i>European Journal of Clinical Nutrition</i> 70, no. 12 (Dec. 2016): 1354–1359.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-66">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-66">66.</a> <a href="https://www.cedars-sinai.edu/Patients/Programs-and-Services/Documents/CP0403MagnesiumRichFoods.pdf">https://­www.cedars-sinai.edu/­Patients/­Programs-and-Services/­Documents/­CP0403­Magnesium­Rich­Foods.pdf</a>.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-67">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-67">67.</a> B. R.&nbsp;Stephens, K.&nbsp;Granados, T. W.&nbsp;Zderic, et al., «Effects of 1 Day of Inactivity on Insulin Action in Healthy Men and Women: Interaction with Energy Intake». <i>Metabolism</i> 60 (2011): 941–949.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-68">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-68">68.</a> M. S.&nbsp;Lunde, V. T.&nbsp;Hjellset, and A. T.&nbsp;Hostmark, «Slow Post Meal Walking Reduces the Blood Glucose Response: An Exploratory Study in Female Pakistani Immigrants». <i>Journal of Immigrant and Minority Health</i> 14 (2012): 816–822.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-69">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-69">69.</a> H.&nbsp;Nygaard, S. E.&nbsp;Tomten, and A. T.&nbsp;Hostmark, «Slow Postmeal Walking Reduces Postprandial Glycemia in Middle-aged Women». <i>Applied Physiology, Nutrition, and Metabolism</i> 34 (2009): 1087–1092.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-70">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-70">70.</a> J.&nbsp;Henson, M. J.&nbsp;Davies, D. H.&nbsp;Bodicoat, et al., «Breaking up Prolonged Sitting with Standing or Walking Attenuates the Postprandial Metabolic Response in Postmenopausal Women: A Randomized Acute Study». <i>Diabetes Care</i> 39 (2016): 130–138.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-71">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-71">71.</a> P. C.&nbsp;Dempsey, R. N.&nbsp;Larsen, P.&nbsp;Sethi, et al., «Benefits for Type 2 Diabetes of Interrupting Prolonged Sitting with Brief Bouts of Light Walking or Simple Resistance Activities». <i>Diabetes Care</i> 39 (2016): 964–972.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-72">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-72">72.</a> S. F.&nbsp;Chastin, T.&nbsp;Egerton, C.&nbsp;Leask, et al., «Meta-analysis of the Relationship between Breaks in Sedentary Behavior and Cardiometabolic Health». <i>Obesity</i> 23 (2015): 1800–1810.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-73">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-73">73.</a> E.&nbsp;Chacko, «Exercising Tactically for Taming Postmeal Glucose Surges». <i>Scientifica (Cairo)</i> (2016): 4045717.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-74">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-74">74.</a> R. J.&nbsp;Manders, J. W. van Dijk, and L. J. van Loon, «Low-intensity Exercise Reduces the Prevalence of Hyperglycemia in Type 2 Diabetes». <i>Medicine &amp; Science in Sports &amp; Exercise</i> 42, no. 2 (Feb. 2010): 219–225.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-75">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-75">75.</a> J. B.&nbsp;Gillen, B. J.&nbsp;Martin, M. J.&nbsp;MacInnis, L. E.&nbsp;Skelly, M. A.&nbsp;Tarnopolsky, and M. J.&nbsp;Gibala, «Twelve Weeks of Sprint Interval Training Improves Indices of Cardiometabolic Health Similar to Traditional Endurance Training despite a Five-fold Lower Exercise Volume and Time Commitment». <i>PLoS ONE11</i>, no. 4 (2016): e0154075.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-76">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-76">76.</a> C.&nbsp;Benedict et al., «Gut Microbiota and Glucometabolic Alterations in Response to Recurrent Partial Sleep Deprivation in Normal-weight Young Individuals». <i>Molecular Metabolism</i> (published online Oct. 24, 2016), <a href="http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.molmet.2016.10.003">http://­dx.doi.org/­10.1016/­j.molmet.2016.10.003</a>.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-77">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-77">77.</a> A. J.&nbsp;Graveling, I. J.&nbsp;Deary, and B. M.&nbsp;Frier, «Acute Hypoglycemia Impairs Executive Cognitive Function in Adults with and without Type 1 Diabetes». <i>Diabetes Care</i> 36, no. 10 (Oct. 2013): 3240–3246.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-78">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-78">78.</a> K. A.&nbsp;Page, A.&nbsp;Williamson, N.&nbsp;Yu, E. C.&nbsp;McNay, J.&nbsp;Dzuira, R. J.&nbsp;McCrimmon, and R. S.&nbsp;Sherwin, «Medium-Chain Fatty Acids Improve Cognitive Function in Intensively Treated Type 1 Diabetic Patients and Support in vitro Synaptic Transmission during Acute Hypoglycemia». <i>Diabetes</i> 58, no. 5 (May 2009): 1237–1244.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-79">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-79">79.</a> Y.&nbsp;Nonaka, T.&nbsp;Takagi, M.&nbsp;Inai, S.&nbsp;Nishimura, S.&nbsp;Urashima, K.&nbsp;Honda, T.&nbsp;Aoyama, and S.&nbsp;Terada, «Lauric Acid Stimulates Ketone Body Production in the KT-5 Astrocyte Cell Line». <i>Journal of Oleo Science</i> 65, no. 8 (Aug. 2016): 693–699.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-80">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-80">80.</a> I.&nbsp;Hu Yang, J. E.&nbsp;De la Rubia Ortí, P.&nbsp;Selvi Sabater, S.&nbsp;Sancho Castillo, M. J.&nbsp;Rochina, N.&nbsp;Manresa Ramón, and I.&nbsp;Montoya-Castilla, «Coconut Oil: Non-alternative Drug Treatment against Alzheimer’s Disease». <i>Nutrición Hospitalaria</i> 32, no. 6 (Dec. 2015): 2822–2827.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-81">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-81">81.</a> A. J.&nbsp;Murray, N. S.&nbsp;Knight, M. A.&nbsp;Cole, L. E.&nbsp;Cochlin, E.&nbsp;Carter, K.&nbsp;Tchabanenko, T.&nbsp;Pichulik, M. K.&nbsp;Gulston, H. J.&nbsp;Atherton, M. A.&nbsp;Schroeder, R. M.&nbsp;Deacon, Y.&nbsp;Kashiwaya, M. T.&nbsp;King, R.&nbsp;Pawlosky, N.&nbsp;Rawlins, D. J.&nbsp;Tyler, J. L.&nbsp;Griffin, J.&nbsp;Robertson, R. L.&nbsp;Veech, and Clarke, «Novel Ketone Diet Enhances Physical and Cognitive Performance». <i>FASEB Journal</i> 30, no. 12 (Dec. 2016): 4021–4032.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-82">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-82">82.</a> M.&nbsp;Vijayakumar, D. M.&nbsp;Vasudevan, K. R.&nbsp;Sundaram, S.&nbsp;Krishnan, K.&nbsp;Vaidyanathan, S.&nbsp;Nandakumar, R.&nbsp;Chandrasekhar, and N.&nbsp;Mathew, «A Randomized Study of Coconut Oil versus Sunflower Oil on Cardiovascular Risk Factors in Patients with Stable Coronary Heart Disease». <i>Indian Heart Journal</i> 68, no. 4 (Jul.&nbsp;— Aug. 2016): 498–506.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-83">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-83">83.</a> D. A.&nbsp;Cardoso, A. S.&nbsp;Moreira, G. M. de Oliveira, R.&nbsp;Raggio Luiz, and G.&nbsp;Rosa, «A Coconut Extra Virgin Oil-Rich Diet Increases HDL Cholesterol and Decreases Waist Circumference and Body Mass in Coronary Artery Disease Patients». <i>Nutricion Hospitalaria</i> 32, no. 5 (Nov. 2015): 2144–2152.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-84">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-84">84.</a> J. K.&nbsp;Kiecolt-Glaser, M. A.&nbsp;Belury, R.&nbsp;Andridge, W. B.&nbsp;Malarkey, and R.&nbsp;Glaser, «Omega-3 Supplementation Lowers Inflammation and Anxiety in Medical Students: A Randomized Controlled Trial». <i>Brain, Behavior, and Immunity</i> 25, no. 8 (Nov. 2011): 1725–1734.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-85">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-85">85.</a> R.&nbsp;Narendran, W. G.&nbsp;Frankle, N. S.&nbsp;Mason, M. F.&nbsp;Muldoon, and B.&nbsp;Moghaddam, «Improved Working Memory but No Effect on Striatal Vesicular Monoamine Transporter Type 2 after Omega-3 Polyunsaturated Fatty Acid Supplementation». ed. B.&nbsp;Le Foll, <i>PLoS ONE7</i>, no. 10 (2012): e46832.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-86">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-86">86.</a> J.&nbsp;Bradbury, S. P.&nbsp;Myers, and C.&nbsp;Oliver, «An Adaptogenic Role for Omega-3 Fatty Acids in Stress; a Randomised Placebo Controlled Double Blind Intervention Study». <i>Nutrition Journal</i> 3 (2004): 20.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-87">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-87">87.</a> L. D.&nbsp;Lawson and B. G.&nbsp;Hughes, «Absorption of Eicosapentaenoic Acid and Docosahexaenoic Acid from Fish Oil Triacylglycerols or Fish Oil Ethyl Esters Co-ingested with a High-fat Meal». <i>Biochemical and Biophysical Research Communications</i> 156, no. 2 (Oct. 1988): 960–963.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-88">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-88">88.</a> X.&nbsp;Liu and T.&nbsp;Osawa, «Astaxanthin Protects Neuronal Cells against Oxidative Damage and Is a Potent Candidate for Brain Food». <i>Forum of Nutrition</i> 61 (2009): 129–135.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-89">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-89">89.</a> F.&nbsp;Shahidi and Y.&nbsp;Zhong, «Lipid Oxidation and Improving the Oxidative Stability». <i>Chemical Society Reviews</i> 39, no. 11 (Nov. 2010): 4067–4079.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-90">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-90">90.</a> B. B.&nbsp;Albert, J. G.&nbsp;Derraik, D.&nbsp;Cameron-Smith, P. L.&nbsp;Hofman, S.&nbsp;Tumanov, S. G.&nbsp;Villas-Boas, M. L.&nbsp;Garg, and W. S.&nbsp;Cutfield, «Fish Oil Supplements in New Zealand Are Highly Oxidised and Do Not Meet Label Content of n-3 PUFA». <i>Scientific Reports</i> 5 (Jan. 2015): 7928.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-91">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-91">91.</a> M.&nbsp;Maes, R.&nbsp;Smith, A.&nbsp;Christophe, E.&nbsp;Vandoolaeghe, A. van Gastel, H.&nbsp;Neels, P.&nbsp;Demedts, A.&nbsp;Wauters, and H. Y.&nbsp;Meltzer, «Lower Serum High-density Lipoprotein Cholesterol (HDL–C) in Major Depression and in Depressed Men with Serious Suicidal Attempts: Relationship with Immune-inflammatory Markers». <i>Acta Psychiatrica Scandinavica</i> 95, no. 3 (Mar. 1997): 212–221.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-92">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-92">92.</a> M. F.&nbsp;Muldoon, S. B.&nbsp;Manuck, and K. A.&nbsp;Matthews, «Lowering Cholesterol Concentrations and Mortality: A Quantitative Review of Primary Prevention Trials». <i>British Medical Journal</i> 301, no. 6747 (Aug. 1990): 309–314.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-93">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-93">93.</a> A.&nbsp;Gabriel, «Changes in Plasma Cholesterol in Mood Disorder Patients: Does Treatment Make a Difference?». <i>Journal of Affective Disorders</i> 99, nos. 1–3 (Apr. 2007): 273–278.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-94">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-94">94.</a> A. S.&nbsp;Wells, N. W.&nbsp;Read, J. D.&nbsp;Laugharne, and N. S.&nbsp;Ahluwalia, «Alterations in Mood after Changing to a Low-fat Diet». <i>British Journal of Nutrition</i> 79, no. 1 (Jan. 1998): 23–30.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-95">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-95">95.</a> L.&nbsp;Velázquez-López, A. V.&nbsp;Muñoz-Torres, C.&nbsp;García-Peña, M.&nbsp;López-Alarcón, S.&nbsp;Islas-Andrade, and J.&nbsp;Escobedo de la Peña, «Fiber in Diet Is Associated with Improvement of Glycated Hemoglobin and Lipid Profile in Mexican Patients with Type 2 Diabetes». <i>Journal of Diabetes Research</i> 2016 (2016): 2980406.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-96">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-96">96.</a> H. E.&nbsp;Anderson-Vasquez, P.&nbsp;Pérez-Martínez, P.&nbsp;Ortega Fernández, and C.&nbsp;Wanden-Berghe, «Impact of the Consumption of a Rich Diet in Butter and it [<i>sic</i>] Replacement for a Rich Diet in Extra Virgin Olive Oil on Anthropometric, Metabolic and Lipid Profile in Postmenopausal Women». <i>Nutrición Hospitalaria</i> 31, no. 6 (Jun. 2015): 2561–2570.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-97">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-97">97.</a> C. L.&nbsp;Kien, J. Y.&nbsp;Bunn, R.&nbsp;Stevens, J.&nbsp;Bain, O.&nbsp;Ikayeva, K.&nbsp;Crain, T. R.&nbsp;Koves, and D. M.&nbsp;Muoio, «Dietary Intake of Palmitate and Oleate Has Broad Impact on Systemic and Tissue Lipid Profiles in Humans». <i>American Journal of Clinical Nutrition</i> 99, no. 3 (Mar. 2014): 436–445.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-98">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-98">98.</a> Cardoso et al., «A Coconut Extra Virgin Oil-Rich Diet Increases HDL Cholesterol and Decreases Waist Circumference and Body Mass in Coronary Artery Disease Patients». 2144–2152.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-99">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-99">99.</a> R. P.&nbsp;Mensink, P. L.&nbsp;Zock, A. D.&nbsp;Kester, and M. B.&nbsp;Katan, «Effects of Dietary Fatty Acids and Carbohydrates on the Ratio of Serum Total to HDL Cholesterol and on Serum Lipids and Apolipoproteins: A Meta-analysis of 60 Controlled Trials.» <i>American Journal of Clinical Nutrition</i> 77, no. 5 (May 2003): 1146–1155.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-100">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-100">100.</a> E. H.&nbsp;Temme, R. P.&nbsp;Mensink, and G.&nbsp;Hornstra, «Comparison of the Effects of Diets Enriched in Lauric, Palmitic, or Oleic Acids on Serum Lipids and Lipoproteins in Healthy Women and Men». <i>American Journal of Clinical Nutrition</i> 63, no. 6 (Jun. 1996): 897–903.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-101">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-101">101.</a> N. B.&nbsp;Cater, H. J.&nbsp;Heller, and M. A.&nbsp;Denke, «Comparison of the Effects of Medium-chain Triacylglycerols, Palm Oil, and High Oleic Acid Sunflower Oil on Plasma Triacylglycerol Fatty Acids and Lipid and Lipoprotein Concentrations in Humans». <i>American Journal of Clinical Nutrition</i> 65, no. 1 (Jan. 1997): 41–45.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-102">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-102">102.</a> C.&nbsp;Stough, A.&nbsp;Scholey, J.&nbsp;Lloyd, J.&nbsp;Spong, S.&nbsp;Myers, and L. A.&nbsp;Downey, «The Effect of 90 day Administration of a High Dose Vitamin B-complex on Work Stress». <i>Human Psychopharmacology</i> 26, no. 7 (Oct. 2011): 470–476.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-103">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-103">103.</a> A.&nbsp;Pipingas, D. A.&nbsp;Camfield, C.&nbsp;Stough, A. B.&nbsp;Scholey, K. H.&nbsp;Cox, D.&nbsp;White, J.&nbsp;Sarris, A.&nbsp;Sali, and H.&nbsp;Macpherson, «Effects of Multivitamin, Mineral and Herbal Supplement on Cognition in Younger Adults and the Contribution of B Group Vitamins». <i>Human Psychopharmacology</i> 29, no. 1 (Jan. 2014): 73–82.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-104">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-104">104.</a> O. P.&nbsp;Almeida, A. H.&nbsp;Ford, V.&nbsp;Hirani, V.&nbsp;Singh, F. M. van Bockxmeer, K.&nbsp;McCaul, and L.&nbsp;Flicker, «B Vitamins to Enhance Treatment Response to Antidepressants in Middle-aged and Older Adults: Results from the B-VITAGE Randomised, Double-blind, Placebocontrolled Trial». <i>British Journal of Psychiatry</i> 205, no. 6 (Dec. 2014): 450–457.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-105">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-105">105.</a> O. P.&nbsp;Almeida, K.&nbsp;Marsh, H.&nbsp;Alfonso, L.&nbsp;Flicker, T. M.&nbsp;Davis, and G. J.&nbsp;Hankey, «B-vitamins Reduce the Long-term Risk of Depression after Stroke: The VITATOPS-DEP Trial». <i>Annals of Neurology</i> 68, no. 4 (Oct. 2010): 503–510.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-106">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-106">106.</a> D. O.&nbsp;Kennedy, R.&nbsp;Veasey, A.&nbsp;Watson, F.&nbsp;Dodd, E.&nbsp;Jones, S.&nbsp;Maggini, and C. F.&nbsp;Haskell, «Effects of High-dose B Vitamin Complex with Vitamin C and Minerals on Subjective Mood and Performance in Healthy Males». <i>Psychopharmacology</i> 211, no. 1 (Jul. 2010): 55–68.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-107">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-107">107.</a> O.&nbsp;Stanger, B.&nbsp;Fowler, K.&nbsp;Piertzik, M.&nbsp;Huemer, E.&nbsp;Haschke-Becher, Semmler, et al., «Homocysteine, Folate and Vitamin B12 in Neuropsychiatric Diseases: Review and Treatment Recommendations». <i>Expert Review of Neurotherapeutics</i> 9 (2009): 1393–1412.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-108">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-108">108.</a> K.&nbsp;Yoshino, M.&nbsp;Nishide, T.&nbsp;Sankai, M.&nbsp;Inagawa, K.&nbsp;Yokota, Y.&nbsp;Moriyama, et al., «Validity of Brief Food Frequency Questionnaire for Estimation of Dietary Intakes of Folate, Vitamins B6 and B12 and Their Associations with Plasma Homocysteine Concentrations». <i>International Journal of Food Sciences and Nutrition</i> 61 (2010): 61–67.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-109">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-109">109.</a> A.&nbsp;Oulhaj, F.&nbsp;Jernerén, H.&nbsp;Refsum, A. D.&nbsp;Smith, and C. A. de Jager, «Omega-3 Fatty Acid Status Enhances the Prevention of Cognitive Decline by B Vitamins in Mild Cognitive Impairment». <i>Journal of Alzheimer’s Disease</i> 50, no. 2 (Jan. 2016): 547–557.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-110">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-110">110.</a> M.&nbsp;Montava, S.&nbsp;Garcia, J.&nbsp;Mancini, Y.&nbsp;Jammes, J.&nbsp;Courageot, J. P.&nbsp;Lavieille, and F.&nbsp;Feron, «Vitamin D3 Potentiates Myelination and Recovery after Facial Nerve Injury». <i>European Archives of OtoRhino-Laryngology</i> 272, no. 10 (Oct. 2014): 2815–2823.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-111">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-111">111.</a> J. F.&nbsp;Chabas, D.&nbsp;Stephan, T.&nbsp;Marqueste, S.&nbsp;Garcia, M. N.&nbsp;Lavaut, C.&nbsp;Nguyen, R.&nbsp;Legre, M.&nbsp;Khrestchatisky, P.&nbsp;Decherchi, and F.&nbsp;Feron, «Cholecalciferol (Vitamin D<sub>3</sub>) Improves Myelination and Recovery after Nerve Injury». <i>PLoS ONE8</i>, no. 5 (May 2013): e65034.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-112">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-112">112.</a> O.&nbsp;Józefowicz, J.&nbsp;Rabe-Jabłońska, A.&nbsp;Woźniacka, and D.&nbsp;Strzelecki, «Analysis of Vitamin D Status in Major Depression». <i>Journal of Psychiatric Practice</i> 20, no. 5 (Sept. 2014): 329–337.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-113">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-113">113.</a> C.&nbsp;Grudet, J.&nbsp;Malm, A.&nbsp;Westrin, and L.&nbsp;Brundin, «Suicidal Patients Are Deficient in Vitamin D, Associated with a Pro-inflammatory Status in the Blood». <i>Psychoneuroendocrinology</i> 50C (Sept. 2014): 210–219.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-114">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-114">114.</a> R.&nbsp;Ramadan, V.&nbsp;Vaccarino, F.&nbsp;Esteves, D. S.&nbsp;Sheps, J. D.&nbsp;Bremner, P.&nbsp;Raggi, and A. A.&nbsp;Quyyumi, «Association of Vitamin D Status with Mental Stress-induced Myocardial Ischemia in Patients with Coronary Artery Disease». <i>Psychosomatic Medicine</i> 76, no. 7 (Sept. 2014): 569–575.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-115">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-115">115.</a> A.&nbsp;Gholamrezaei, Z. S.&nbsp;Bonakdar, L.&nbsp;Mirbagher, and N.&nbsp;Hosseini, «Sleep Disorders in Systemic Lupus Erythematosus. Does Vitamin D Play a Role?» <i>Lupus</i> 23, no. 10 (Sept. 2014): 1054–1058.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-116">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-116">116.</a> V. K.&nbsp;Wilson, D. K.&nbsp;Houston, L.&nbsp;Kilpatrick, J.&nbsp;Lovato, K.&nbsp;Yaffe, J. A.&nbsp;Cauley, T. B.&nbsp;Harris, E. M.&nbsp;Simonsick, H. N.&nbsp;Ayonayon, S. B.&nbsp;Kritchevsky, and K. M.&nbsp;Sink, «Health, Aging and Body Composition Study. Relationship between 25-Hydroxyvitamin D and Cognitive Function in Older Adults: The Health, Aging and Body Composition Study». <i>Journal of the American Geriatrics Society</i> 62, no. 4 (Apr. 2014): 636–641.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-117">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-117">117.</a> A. L.&nbsp;Peterson, C.&nbsp;Murchison, C.&nbsp;Zabetian, J. B.&nbsp;Leverenz, G. S.&nbsp;Watson, T.&nbsp;Montine, N.&nbsp;Carney, G. L.&nbsp;Bowman, K.&nbsp;Edwards, and J. F.&nbsp;Quinn, «Memory, Mood, and Vitamin D in Persons with Parkinson’s Disease». <i>Journal of Parkinson’s Disease</i> 3, no. 4 (2013): 547–555.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-118">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-118">118.</a> D. E.&nbsp;Bredesen, «Reversal of Cognitive Decline: A Novel Therapeutic Program». <i>Aging</i> 6, no. 9 (2014): 707–717.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng7-119">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g7.xhtml#ng7-119">119.</a> L.&nbsp;Matsuoka, L.&nbsp;Ide, J.&nbsp;Wortsman, J.&nbsp;MacLaughlin, and M. F.&nbsp;Holick, «Sunscreens Suppress Cutaneous Vitamin D3 Synthesis». <i>Journal of Clinical Endocrinology &amp; Metabolism</i> 64 (1987): 1165–1168.</p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
