<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Без стресса</title>
  <link href="../Styles/idGeneratedStyles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body>
  <h4 class="_Head61 sigil_not_in_toc">ГЛАВА&nbsp;8</h4>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng8-1">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g8.xhtml#ng8-1">1.</a> K. S.&nbsp;Kendler, J. M.&nbsp;Hettema, F.&nbsp;Butera, C. O.&nbsp;Gardner, and C. A.&nbsp;Prescott, «Life Event Dimensions of Loss, Humiliation, Entrapment, and Danger in the Prediction of Onsets of Major Depression and Generalized Anxiety». <i>Archives of General Psychiatry</i> 60 (2003): 789–796.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng8-2">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g8.xhtml#ng8-2">2.</a> F.&nbsp;Grabenhorst and E. T.&nbsp;Rolls, «Value, Pleasure and Choice in the Ventral Prefrontal Cortex». <i>Trends in Cognitive Sciences</i> 15 (2011): 56–67.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng8-3">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g8.xhtml#ng8-3">3.</a> M. G.&nbsp;Craske, A. E.&nbsp;Meuret, T.&nbsp;Ritz, M.&nbsp;Treanor, and H. J.&nbsp;Dour, «Treatment for Anhedonia: A Neuroscience Driven Approach». <i>Depression and Anxiety</i> 33, no. 10 (Oct. 2016): 927–938.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng8-4">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g8.xhtml#ng8-4">4.</a> S.&nbsp;Dalm, E. R. de Kloet, and M. S.&nbsp;Oitzl, «Post-training Reward Partially Restores Chronic Stress Induced Effects in Mice». ed. G.&nbsp;Chapouthier, <i>PLoS ONE7</i>, no. 6 (2012): e39033.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng8-5">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g8.xhtml#ng8-5">5.</a> N.&nbsp;Geschwind, F.&nbsp;Peeters, N.&nbsp;Jacobs, P.&nbsp;Delespaul, C.&nbsp;Derom, E.&nbsp;Thiery, J. van Os, and M.&nbsp;Wichers, «Meeting Risk with Resilience: High Daily Life Reward Experience Preserves Mental Health». <i>Acta Psychiatrica Scandinavica</i> 122, no. 2 (Aug. 2010): 129–138.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng8-6">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g8.xhtml#ng8-6">6.</a> G. S.&nbsp;Alexopoulos and P.&nbsp;Arean, «A Model for Streamlining Psychotherapy in the RdoC Era: The Example of ‘Engage,’» <i>Molecular Psychiatry</i> 19, no. 1 (Jan. 2014): 14–19.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng8-7">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g8.xhtml#ng8-7">7.</a> D.&nbsp;Becker and J. van der Pligt, «Forcing Your Luck: Goal-striving Behavior in Chance Situations». <i>Motivation and Emotion</i> 40 (2016): 203–211.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng8-8">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g8.xhtml#ng8-8">8.</a> M.&nbsp;Lehne and S.&nbsp;Koelsch, «Toward a General Psychological Model of Tension and Suspense». <i>Frontiers in Psychology</i> 6 (2015): 79.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng8-9">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g8.xhtml#ng8-9">9.</a> S. H.&nbsp;Kim, Y. H.&nbsp;Kim, and H. J.&nbsp;Kim, «Laughter and Stress Relief in Cancer Patients: A Pilot Study». <i>Evidence-Based Complementary and Alternative Medicine</i> 2015 (2015): 864739.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng8-10">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g8.xhtml#ng8-10">10.</a> K.&nbsp;Hayashi, I.&nbsp;Kawachi, T.&nbsp;Ohira, K.&nbsp;Kondo, K.&nbsp;Shirai, and N.&nbsp;Kondo, «Laughter is the Best Medicine? A Cross-Sectional Study of Cardiovascular Disease Among Older Japanese Adults.» <i>Journal of Epidemiology</i> 26, no. 10 (Oct. 2016): 546–552.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng8-11">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g8.xhtml#ng8-11">11.</a> A. J.&nbsp;Blood, R. J.&nbsp;Zatorre, P.&nbsp;Bermudez, and A. C.&nbsp;Evans, «Emotional Responses to Pleasant and Unpleasant Music Correlate with Activity in Paralimbic Brain Regions». <i>Nature Neuroscience</i> 2 (1999): 382–387.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng8-12">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g8.xhtml#ng8-12">12.</a> H. G.&nbsp;MacDougall and S. T.&nbsp;Moore, «Marching to the Beat of the Same Drummer: The Spontaneous Tempo of Human Locomotion». <i>Journal of Applied Physiology</i> 99 (2005): 1164–1173.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng8-13">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g8.xhtml#ng8-13">13.</a> D.&nbsp;Moelants, «Preferred Tempo Reconsidered». in <i>Proceedings of the 7th International Conference on Music Perception and Cognition</i>, eds. C.&nbsp;Stevens, D.&nbsp;Burnham, G.&nbsp;McPherson, E.&nbsp;Schubert, and J.&nbsp;Renwick (Adelaide, South Australia: Causal Production, 2002), 580–583.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng8-14">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g8.xhtml#ng8-14">14.</a> C. J.&nbsp;Bacon, T. R.&nbsp;Myers, and C. I.&nbsp;Karageorghis, «Effect of Musicmovement Synchrony on Exercise Oxygen Consumption». <i>Journal of Sports Medicine and Physical Fitness</i> 52 (2012): 359–365.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng8-15">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g8.xhtml#ng8-15">15.</a> C. I.&nbsp;Karageorghis, P. C.&nbsp;Terry, A. M.&nbsp;Lane, D. T.&nbsp;Bishop, and D. L.&nbsp;Priest, «The BASES Expert Statement on Use of Music in Exercise». <i>Journal of Sports Sciences</i> 30, no. 9 (May 2012): 953–956.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng8-16">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g8.xhtml#ng8-16">16.</a> N.&nbsp;Guegen and C.&nbsp;Jacob, «The Influence of Music on Temporal Perceptions in an On-hold Waiting Situation». <i>Psychology of Music</i> 30 (2002): 210–214.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng8-17">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g8.xhtml#ng8-17">17.</a> J.&nbsp;Gibbon, R. M.&nbsp;Church, and W. H.&nbsp;Meck, «Scalar Timing in Memory». <i>Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences</i> 423 (1984): 52–77.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng8-18">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g8.xhtml#ng8-18">18.</a> S.&nbsp;Droit-Volet, D.&nbsp;Ramos, J. L.&nbsp;Bueno, and E.&nbsp;Bigand, «Music, Emotion, and Time Perception: The Influence of Subjective Emotional Valence and Arousal?» <i>Frontiers in Psychology</i> 4 (Jul. 2013): 417.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng8-19">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g8.xhtml#ng8-19">19.</a> A.&nbsp;Nguyen, L.&nbsp;Frobert, I.&nbsp;McCluskey, P.&nbsp;Golay, C.&nbsp;Bonsack, and J.&nbsp;Favrod, «Development of the Positive Emotions Program for Schizophrenia: An Intervention to Improve Pleasure and Motivation in Schizophrenia». <i>Frontiers in Psychiatry</i> 7 (Feb. 2016): 13.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng8-20">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g8.xhtml#ng8-20">20.</a> G. F.&nbsp;Koob, «Addiction is a Reward Deficit and Stress Surfeit Disorder». <i>Frontiers in Psychiatry</i> 4 (Aug. 2013): 72.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng8-21">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g8.xhtml#ng8-21">21.</a> T. S.&nbsp;Shippenberg, A.&nbsp;Zapata, and V. I.&nbsp;Chefer, «Dynorphin and the Pathophysiology of Drug Addiction». <i>Pharmacology &amp; Therapeutics</i> 116, no. 2 (Nov. 2007): 306–321.</p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
