<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>Без стресса</title>
  <link href="../Styles/idGeneratedStyles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body>
  <h4 class="_Head61 sigil_not_in_toc">ГЛАВА&nbsp;9</h4>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng9-1">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g9.xhtml#ng9-1">1.</a> G. L.&nbsp;Shulman, J. A.&nbsp;Fiez, M.&nbsp;Corbetta, R. L.&nbsp;Buckner, F. M.&nbsp;Miezin, et al., «Common Blood Flow Changes across Visual Tasks: II. Decreases in Cerebral Cortex». <i>Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience</i> 9 (1997): 648–663.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng9-2">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g9.xhtml#ng9-2">2.</a> M. E.&nbsp;Raichle, A. M.&nbsp;MacLeod, A. Z.&nbsp;Snyder, W. J.&nbsp;Powers, D. A.&nbsp;Gusnard, and G. L.&nbsp;Shulman, «A Default Mode of Brain Function». <i>PNAS9</i>8 (2001): 676–682.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng9-3">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g9.xhtml#ng9-3">3.</a> R. L.&nbsp;Carhart-Harris and K. J.&nbsp;Friston, «The Default-mode, Egofunctions and Free-energy: A Neurobiological Account of Freudian Ideas». <i>Brain</i> 133, no. 4 (2010): 1265–1283.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng9-4">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g9.xhtml#ng9-4">4.</a> M.&nbsp;Kent, C. T.&nbsp;Rivers, and G.&nbsp;Wrenn, «Goal-directed Resilience in Training (GRIT): A Biopsychosocial Model of Self-regulation, Executive Functions, and Personal Growth (Eudaimonia) in Evocative Contextsof PTSD, Obesity, and Chronic Pain». <i>Behavioral Sciences</i> 5, no.&nbsp;2 (Jun. 2015): 264–304.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng9-5">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g9.xhtml#ng9-5">5.</a> <a href="http://www.venchar.com/2005/01/the_stockdale_p.html">http://­www.venchar.com/­2005/­01/­the_stockdale_p.html</a>.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng9-6">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g9.xhtml#ng9-6">6.</a> A.&nbsp;Bandura, <i>Self-efficacy: The Exercise of Control</i> (New York: Freeman, 1997).</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng9-7">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g9.xhtml#ng9-7">7.</a> K.&nbsp;Simmen-Janevska, V.&nbsp;Brandstätter, and A.&nbsp;Maercker, «The Overlooked Relationship between Motivational Abilities and Posttraumatic Stress: A Review». <i>European Journal of Psychotraumatology</i> 3 (2012): doi: <a href="http://doi.org/10.3402/ejpt.v3i0.18560">10.3402/­ejpt.v3i0.18560</a>.</p>
  </div>

  <div class="_idFootnote" id="ng9-8">
    <p class="_Snoska"><a class="_idFootnoteAnchor" href="../Text/g9.xhtml#ng9-8">8.</a> A.&nbsp;Diedrich, S. G.&nbsp;Hofmann, P.&nbsp;Cuijpers, and M.&nbsp;Berking, «Selfcompassion Enhances the Efficacy of Explicit Cognitive Reappraisal as an Emotional Regulation Strategy in Individuals with Major Depressive Disorder». <i>Behaviour Research and Therapy</i> 82 (Jul. 2016): 1–10.</p>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
